health neg 388.txt i bought this for my lower back . i am pregnant now and my back keeps getting achy and goes out from time to time . it is great because it actually wraps all the way around to the back of my hips giving my entire lower back the heat without having to switch it from one side to the other . however , the inner pad bunches up tremendously . i have used it for a few weeks now , and have to take the cover off to " open " the pad back up by stretching it out again . it has n't gone back to the original shape . if i had known it would do this , i would have never purchased it . 
music pos 183.txt goth meets cabaret , or rather gothic music influenced by cabaret . thats the best way to describe this wonderful little release by projekt . the eleven tracks here provide an introduction to the " dark cabaret " scene , and do so quite well . the first song , coin-operated boy by the dresden dolls , is a great start , and the cd continues onward to devious evil night together by jill tracy ( which sets up a wonderful film noir mood ) and on to the darker , electronic dance number cabaret fortune teller by audra , to a remix of knock three times on my coffin by projekt veterans black tape for a blue girl . along the way numerous other bands are covered . sam rosenthal 's side project revue noir makes their debut on this cd , with husky feminine vocals provided by nicki jaine , who also has a solo song ( pretty faces ) on the cd as well . personally , i loved revue noir and find nicki jaine 's voice to be quite alluring , but i also know some btfabg fans who dislike her vocals so you 've been warned . but all in all , i think anyone with a task for the dark should check out this cd . at the very least , its a cheap and decent introduction to a whole new style , and thats always a good thing 
music pos 359.txt i rarely write reviews , but i need to comment on how fantastic this compilation is . i have a four-year-old and an eighteen-month-old , and this cd is in heavy rotation at our house . my husband and i love the music at least as much as they do - - it 's stylish and sets a great mood as we 're making dinner and doing dishes . the kids love it too , needless to say . my four-year-old 's favorites are three blind mice ( she loves when the farmer 's wife squeaks that she 'll give back the tails ) and the final track by peggy lee ( where she says the word *poop* , as in " party poop " - - endless laughter ensues ) . ella fitzgerald 's a-tisket , a-tasket and chew , chew your bubblegum are priceless . all in all , i highly recommend this cd - - everyone will be happy to hear it again and again 
health pos 23.txt this blood pressure monitor is everything i was looking for and the price was certainly right . thank you . it works perfectly 
camera pos 877.txt the case with battery and filter is well worth thr price paid 
dvd neg 8.txt a 130-minute barrage of unrelieved bathos and sentimentality , this swedish import does n't so much insult your intelligence as complacently assume that you never had any in the first place , would n't know what to do with it if you did have it , and in general favor entertainment that bypasses the brain entirely and addresses itself directly to the tear ducts . the plot is of the type commonly described in laudatory reviews as " well-worn , " which seems to be a euphemism for " shop-worn , " " clich� , " or " stupefyingly unoriginal . " here it is ( spoilers follow ) : daniel , a big-shot conductor in emotional difficulties and poor health , returns to the quaint rural village of his childhood , takes over and revives the local church choir , heals himself and everyone else in sight with his life-affirming yet charmingly diffident zaniness , finds love , finds his inner child , and finally , at the moment of his and his choir 's greatest triumph , croaks . a great director and screenwriter might have been able to conjure some life out of even this forbiddingly stale and schmaltzy program , but kay pollack is n't up to it . instead , in a kind of perverse tour de force of misbegotten inventiveness , he celebrates , embraces , wallows in the schmaltz , throws it at you until it 's dripping off you like oobleck , and somehow keeps finding more reserves of it tucked away in odd little corners of the film . indeed , there 's something horrifyingly impressive about the way this movie gets relentlessly stupider and more bathetic from the first frame to the last : it almost bespeaks a kind of strange talent , albeit of the ed wood variety ; and while watching it i almost suspected a cynical provocation of some kind , as in the kingsley amis story about the poet who , at the end of a long and successful career , publishes a volume of intentional gibberish in order to expose the critical establishment as a passel of clueless poseurs . ( speaking of whom : " as it is in heaven " was nominated for best foreign film at the oscars in 2005 , after being strewn with similar honors in sweden , where it was reportedly seen by some two million viewers . we 're used to this kind of idiocy from the academy , but what 's going on in the country of strindberg and bergman ? has someone been putting something in the k�ttbullar ? ) a standard feature of movies like this ( and books like this , if it comes to that- -cf . ayn rand ) is that characters are presented not as human beings but as representatives of some principle or other that the filmmaker deems important and relevant . aiiih is no exception . the parade of didactic marionettes includes : - - daniel 's love interest , a ditzy twenty-year-old blonde , who represents the life force ; - - the humorless , sexually repressed , hypocritical preacher , who represents the church , which as we all know is a sinister combine bent on stamping out the sex drive and repressing all manifestations of joy and spontaneity , especially in modern scandinavia ; - - the wife-beater whom everybody at first inexplicably tolerates , and then finally locks up and forgives- -who represents violence and what to do about it ; - - the retarded kid whom daniel insists on letting into the choir , chiefly so that he can become the film 's symbol of the virtues of inclusiveness and the deep human wisdom of special people . ( incidentally , it 's about time somebody realized that sentimentalizing retarded people , in movie after movie , as symbols of purity / goodness / wisdom-beyond-the-ken-of-those-cursed-with-normal-intelligence , or whatever , is just as disrespectful and exploitative as making cruel fun of them ; it just seems nicer . ca n't we have a movie that depicts a retarded person as a human being ? the only one i can recall seeing is " best boy , " a documentary about the life of a retarded man that came out about 25 years ago . apart from that they 've been reduced to targets of witless ridicule , as in " there 's something about mary , " or turned into plaster saints as here . ) so , to sum up : save your money and your time , which would be better spent sleeping or watching reruns of " the o.c. " run , do n't walk , from your local art theater if this is the main attraction . and do n't forget the moral of the story , rather comforting to me as an expatriate american living in a europe that preens itself on its superior wisdom and sophistication vis- �-vis the usa : kitsch is global . 
music neg 478.txt i loved her first album but this one is the same old same old rehashed time and time again she has reached her limits i 'm afriad 
books neg 631.txt unfortunately , for all the name brand that this book conveys , i think the cover seems to be the most intriguing part . there are much better ways for book peddling and the fact that a firm such as mckinsey allowed their name on the title of a book for the sake of a few sales , boggles this readers mind . the subject matter seems to be along the lines of the bull session with all bull and no session . no actual quantitative analysis is used throughout the book , and if anything more than an encyclopedic definition is learned from this book , i would be astounded . save some money and go search online for some basic books on beginning valuation . by the way , those giving 5 stars either ca n't read english very well or are shills for mckinsey 
books neg 945.txt this series is a travesty . i understand the feeling of loss when you finish a beloved series , but let laura , not macbride , have the last word on her family 's experience . so much in his books rings false : the clumsy historical allusions , the narrative voice , the potty humor . . . one of the greatest things about laura ingalls wilder 's work is the way her voice advances in maturity as she , the main character , grows : big woods is written for little girls and happy golden years for young women . macbride does n't manage this and talks down to readers . there is a tiny thread of laura in these books , but not enough to do more than frustrate her fans . sampling is for rap , not fiction . 
dvd neg 537.txt i find it almost incomprehensible in this more enlightened technological age that there are a very limited amount of your subscribers who are concerned about the appaling presentation of all but two of these movies and i also wonder as more and more older movies are being re-released enhanced for widescreen tvs that no one seems concerned that arguably the most classic of classical movie musicals remain in a truncated format that cannot be properly watched if one has a widescreen tv . these movies scream out for the widescreen , they were made with the ultimate technology of the time to be seen as wide and as broard as possible . yet they remain stuck in a non anamorphic style that limits their enjoyment to anyone with a widescreen tv and , with one exception , all the people who have written about them dont seem to care . " oklahoma " , " carousel " , " south pacific " and " king and i " need to be updated to 16.9 anamorphic widescreen ( also preferably with some genuine extras and commentaries as well ) . fox are years behind the rest of the movie studios in this regard and have only recently started to adapt their films for the format of the future ( ie observe the two versions of " an affair to remember " ) of course , this is a major rip off , so anyone with a widescreen tv who has not bought these films - -hold off , coz sooner or later they will get a proper release...how long ? that is anybody 's guess , but these postage stamp versions are an insult to anyone who knows anything of widscreen dvd technology ( " sound of music " is fine and " state fair " was made in non widescreen full screen format , an should be viewed with lines either side of the screen 
music pos 810.txt i just love lynch mixed with dooms production . it is what real is 
software neg 912.txt intuit charges banks extra to support mac users , and many banks do n't pay . so the convenience of automated transaction downloads is impossible for me on quicken mac . several other features are lagging behind the windows version . and for some inexplicable reason , transferring data between quicken for windows and quicken for mac is n't complete or straightfoward . i have n't used competing products , but for mac users i recommend either running the windows quicken version ( using boot camp or parallels ) or buying another product . and by all means , let intuit know that their pricing practices are costing them customers 
music neg 35.txt is there anything more sanctimonious than filming your last concert and inviting a bunch of fellow overrated hacks ( clapton , neil diamond , joni mitchell ) to the occasion , as if it 's some monumental event ? please ! as if the band were anything worthwhile in the first place . sorry , but the whole concept of a bunch of canadians ( well , four of five anyway ) writing this stuff about americana always came across to me as pretentious - - and it does n't get much worse than that stupid shot of levon helm wheezing through " the night they drove old dixie down . " these guys were just the beneficiaries of rolling stone / elitist rock critic propaganda . ( and to think they made fun of prog bands for writing inane lyrics - - huh ! ) i think martin newell put it best when he called the band " dreadful bearded ghastliness . " 
dvd pos 676.txt what can a single lie do ? that is the question that is examined in lillian hellman 's the children 's hour . martha ( shirley maclaine ) and karen ( audrey hepburn ) run a small boarding school in a small new england town . karen is engaged to a local doctor ( james garner ) . when karen punishes a malicious student , the little girl decides to get revenge . the way the girl does this is repeat a out of context statement made by martha 's aunt ( miriam hopkins ) . to complicate matters , she blackmails another girl ( veronica cartwright ) into confirming the story . this lie immediately destroys the martha and karen 's school . but their life 's are destroyed soon thereafter when their slander suit is rejected . but when the lie exposed it is too little too late . when the play opened in the late 50 's it was daring and very controversial . when the film opened in 1961 , it was still controversial . but 40 years later , it is not the lesbian story line that is interesting but how little has changed . hepburn gives her usual excellent performance and would have gotten an oscar nomination if she had n't made breakfast at tiffany 's that year . shirley maclaine was fresh off her success in the apartment and was ready to stretch her dramatic legs . she proved that she could handle drama just as well as comedy . but it would be 15 years for her to get another great dramatic role ( the turning point ) . fay bainter and miriam hopkins were major character actors in the 30 's and 40 's and were given one final chance to show what they had left . bainter received an oscar nomination for this film . william wyler had nothing to prove in the 60 's yet he continued to select great films with bite that featured women in strong roles . this was another triumph for him . dvd extras : none 
health pos 4.txt great features ! probably the best pedometer out there for the money . the only reason i give 4 vice 5 stars , is that i think the one i bought for my mom ( same brand and model ) is slightly more accurate . a great way to track your fitness overall 
books pos 625.txt this is our favorite baby book for reading with our baby / young child . each of our children , from ages 9 months to three years , has loved this book . we buy this as a gift for all new babies 
camera pos 292.txt after checking prices with all the usual pricing bots , i found a better price , including free shipping , by going directly to amazon . this lowest price did not appear in the other searches , so it pays to go to amazon first . i replaced my canon sd400 with the casio and find the controls more logical to use . this is important if you do n't use the camera for a while , because you can just pick it up and start shooting without hunting for the manual . also , the docking base is much more convenient than plugging small cables into the camera . you do not have to remove the battery in the casio to charge it as you do with the canon sd400. the vga movie quality is superior on the casio . still pictures appear to be about equal . amazon delivered by ups in record time even with a weekend inbetween . i ordered on a friday and received it the following tuesday . go with amazon ! 
software pos 443.txt we homeschool and have 1st grader , 4th grader and 7th grader - they are all using the program and learning and enjoying - my 1st grader especially enjoys the fact that it 's on an island since he 's all about pirates . a great first program 
health neg 657.txt i recommend using ear plugs or ear muffs protection before using the andis company 22560 rechargeable cord / cordless hair clipper kit 
books pos 631.txt i 've been a skating fan for many years , and would recommend this book to everyone ! i thoroughly enjoyed the inside look at brian boitano 's career , from start to present . it 's easy to read , so one can browse through it like a newspaper or magazine.....but it 's also stuffed full of valuable information about the technical aspects of skating and the & quot ; behind the scenes&quot ; preparation activities for competitive skaters . the beautiful pictures lend itself to being picked up and enjoyed again and again ! hats off to brian boitano , suzanne harper , and all the people who helped create this treasure for my coffee table 
dvd pos 735.txt in this cynical day and age , it 's truly astonishing to see a band rise from the ashes and still sound relevant ( not to mention amazing ) , but how often do you get to see the inside picture offstage ? this film works as a eulogy to arthur " killer " kane , a synopsis of the dolls ' early years , and a buoy for rock ' n ' rollers lost at sea . it 's all things to all people , but it 's never boring or condescending . i would actually recommend this film to lovers of cinema , whether they had any knowledge of the dolls or not , simply because it 's a great story , well told , and stands up to repeated viewings . 
music neg 190.txt ya , abomination to god also set it right in his worthy review . i remember the days where this panzy was praised and all of you ate that " one call away " and " right thurrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr " garbage . does 2 stars explain anything ? this apparently is equal to that d4l s*** , which is actually the lowest of the low . anyways , did n't i tell you chingy would die one year after -jackpot - hit ? now that he 's dead , everybodies focused on t-pain , oh s*** ! 
music pos 26.txt thoroughly enjoyed the cd . have some of the songs as performed by other artists , but it 's nice to hear them as performed by the writer . i 'm always impressed by one with that kind of creativity . 
camera pos 376.txt the battery is great , but amazon offers the accessory kit with the same battery , plus a mini-dv tape and a carrying case for the same price . the case is useless for the zr series , but might come in handy for some other purpose 
dvd pos 723.txt i was surprised to have learn of this very old live performance by cat stevens ( his name then ) . i was well pleased with the quality of the performance format and of the tunes selection . i was , and still am , a fan of his music . nice to see a dvd concert of his . it is old music , but if you 're a fan of the man , you 'll enjoy it 
camera pos 323.txt i 'm surprised to see that a lot of people only give 1* to this camera ! i 've had it for 2 years now and i just love it ! thanks to it , i discovered i had a real passion for photography.. . it 's very easy to use and my pictures are great ! when i show them , people usually tell me " you must have an expensive camera " ... and i just show them my little canon s500 and they are surprised with the result ! i 'm just loving it 
health neg 762.txt does n't thiss say it all ? " screw-on threads failed & my shake spilled . " i threw it away and use my martini shaker instead 
health pos 604.txt this is exactly what i wanted- -the last 1 i bought is over 10 yrs old and still going- -i was afraid each day it would go out and could not find a replacement anywhere- --you are a life- -i mean , hair saver ! ! diane in texa 
books neg 233.txt i am a jew living in a college town in mississippi for the past 5 years . i was born & raised in the north . i think evans should rename his book " fiddler on the roof in the south " . his book is a very nostalgic look back at jewish history - as it was in the past here . it 's very much : the southern jews were all so happy , they all fit in and were accepted , etc. he does cite a few instances where they had problems - but these usually involved us ' yankee jews ' , like the instances when a few ( yankee ) rabbis in the south fought for civil rights . evans should realize that times have really changed here ! the evangelical christians in my town ( which is most people here ) harrass me like crazy - ' i am praying for you ! ' ' have you read the words of jesus , who was a jew like you ? ' ' when will you come to my church' . blah , blah , blah . thank god for the minority of catholics , methodists , presbyterians and a few others who live here . they are the only ones to accept me for the way i am , and the way i will stay - a jew . i want all who are reading this to realize that i am only speaking for my experience . jews who reside in cities in the south have told me that they have had far better experiences , and that they cannot relate to what i am saying . but i do want to ask evans a few questions : 1 ) if things are so great for the jews in the south : why have you lived in new york for decades now ? ? ? 2 ) why do n't you at least write either a new forward to the book , a magazine article , etc. , contrasting some of the ways in which the lives of jews in the south have changed over time ( for some of us at least ) , primarily due to the rise of the evangelical christians ? i read evans ' books before i moved here , and nothing much he describes in his books is my life here . for a jew who really cares about her / his religion living here is depressing ; it is practically jew-less ; and , at best , the majority of a certain denomination of christians here ignore me . ( by the way , i am planning to move to a city ! ) by the way , do n't bother writing to me to tell me that i am " wrong " , or to invite me to things like the bible study at your church . believe me , with all the praying for me that is going on in this town , and all the myriad attempts to convert me , if it has n't happened by now , as they say in these parts , it just ai n't gonna happen 
dvd pos 619.txt this is my second favorite john woo movie with great touches of action and drama , when i first saw this film ( about 5 years ago ) i was n't used to seeing this much violence on screen ( and i thought lethal weapon was extremely violent at that time ) i was in shock and more then once my jaw dropped . this film is very violent but compared to other action films this is really tame nowadays . the minor points of this film would be some bad acting to some worse acting in some spots , some weird cuts and editing , the subs were terrible , as the same with the audio quality and some of the camera work is bad , but this is john woo 's first ( if you can count heroes shed no tears ) landmark heroic bloodshed film so we all know he could have done worse much worse . yun fat chow , ti lung and leslie chung have their good moments to bad moments , most of the good moments goes to chow and ti while leslie had only one or two moments . the plot is like this a cop must confront his criminal brother . that 's it . if your the typical hollywood action goer this is your perfect find . but as i said if your new to the heroic bloodshed films do n't make this your first one , i 'll say stick with the killer and hard boiled for a few weeks then move on . but if your the hollywood action movie goer make this your first if you can handle it move on to the other heroic bloodshed films and so on . this film is a big landmark in the action genre and a even bigger landmark to the underground action genre . i really recommend this film to any action fan ! ! ! ! 
books neg 824.txt i 'm very disappointed in this book , although some information in it is valuable , it will take a long time to read the entire book cover to cover . it is an excellent textbook but not a handy guide to flip to on a regular basis and find ideas for what you need . although broken into sections , they are not readily found or visible . one must search the information needed as in a research assignment . the reproducibles are mainly for elementary grades . this was not stated in the very short and brief summary of it 's contents , on-line . although the price was reasonable , i 'm not pleased with the way the book is organized & amp ; printed 
software pos 73.txt if you decide to buy a current greeting card program , there are really only two front-line choices : art explosion greeting card factory ( currently version 5 ) or hallmark card studio ( currently 2006 ) . there are other programs available specifically for creating cards , but most of them are low quality and outdated , and are n't really worth considering . ( a competitive third product featuring american greetings designs is sadly now long outdated ; the designs in the american greetings program were of similar quality to those in the hallmark package ) . so how do these two products match up ? without a question , if you are looking for quality " canned " cards , the hallmark program wins . the hallmark designs are professional , and are equal in quality to cards you would purchase in a store . in contrast , the designs in art explosion are adequate but surely not up to the quality of a store-bought card . the hallmark program is also able to simply and correctly print to several different types of card store ( although you are stuck with the choices pre-programmed into the software unless you want much frustration ) . the art explosion does a poorer job of correctly and simply printing to a variety of card stock and configurations . art explosion beats the hallmark program in editing options ( more extensive ) , and in the amount of additional art ( clipart , etc. ) included with the package . if you do not plan to use the " canned " cards , then i would recommend art explosion . but the average user will likely appreciate the professional , high quality cards in the hallmark package . personally , i consider the choice of the hallmark package over art explosion a no brainer . a note on versions : the publisher comes out with a new version of the hallmark program every year ( 2003 , 2004 , 2005 , 2006 , etc. ) and the same is true for art explosion greeting card factory . having used many of these versions , i find very little reason to recommend upgrading year by year . disappointingly , the stock cards in the hallmark program do not seem to have changed appreciably in many years , and the same is true for art explosion . 
music pos 983.txt her voice takes my breath away , i fell in love with her . i highly reccomend it 
music pos 553.txt i am new to ron sexsmith . where have i been ? this cd is outstanding and so soothing... . the instrumentals are soul syrup , the melodies are whipped cream and the lyrics are full of cherries , nuts and fudge sauce.....it is putting something so sweet and so nurturing into the hearts and minds of the hungry and starving . i am still in the stage where his songs resonate in my mind just before i fall asleep at night and that waking up means i get to hear his " comfort food " again... . this honeymoon will last forever... . fall in love folks , it 's worth the risk....calorie free , i promise...thanks ron , god speed ! 
camera pos 459.txt product is working good and clarity is fine . but i found the next version product ( with remote ) cost lower than this product . 
health pos 418.txt works like a charm . it is absolutely worth the price . i would buy another in a heartbeat 
books neg 81.txt when i realized early on the time i would waste on this assemblage of leftover quips packaged around a absurd concept , i resolved that i would alert other readers . generally i enjoy this author 's works and anticipated this latest tome . i was surprised and dissappointed to find a lengthy novel which did nothing to disguise it 's clues or probable developments . everything was telegraphed and nothing was original . the conclusion was so lame that i was shocked that there was no effort to build suspense or intrigue . my advice is to skip this one and wait for the reviews on his next 
books pos 134.txt compiled , arranged and edited by sara st. antoine , stories from where we live : the great lakes is a delightful and enthusiastically recommended anthology of stories , essays , and poems drawn from a diversity of talented authors , all of whom are celebrating the richness of daily life and the wilds of the great lakes region of north america . suitable for young readers of all ages , these memorable tales and stories are enhanced with simple black-and-white illustrations to make the land , its creatures , and the people who saw and settled upon it come alive 
books pos 478.txt i intend to have the very first item in this read at my memorial service - which i hope wo n't be soon ! some of this was slightly dated , but always good reading . he had such a unique take on his world and such a down-to-earth way of looking at the goings-on around him . 
dvd pos 678.txt i have always liked this movie . along with the horror , there 's some comedy thrown in . 
health pos 285.txt i have owned many beard trimmers , but this is by far the best . 
books neg 289.txt this book started well , but fell flat in the middle . what little conflict there was in the beginning was resolved halfway through . even the shooting incident could n't manage to hold my interest because it was resolved so quickly . well , i did n't bother to finish it- -i have limited time for reading , and i do n't like to waste it . 
books pos 693.txt alien invasion stories have been done to death since h.g. wells gave us the war of the worlds so it is extraordinarily difficult to come with a new slant to this time-honored genre . well , william c . dietz pulls it off with death day and the concluding volume earth rise . what sets death day apart from most of the invasion tradition is , first of all , the invading force being made up of different races . this makes an interesting dynamic and gives the enemy character as their squabbles , in-fighting and fight for freedom ( some are slaves to others ) make for something new , different and engaging . also , using racism amonst the aliens as well as the surviving human population rings a true , and tragic , note . the surviving pockets of humanity withdraw within themselves , close off their borders and horde resources . the aliens favor people of color and place them as overseers as human slaves are forced to work building alien temples on earth . and , sadly , collaborators work with the invading force to control the humans . but the seeds of rebellion have been planted . humans and enslaved aliens are fighting back and this first book sets up an alliance between the enslaved races . all this is interesting stuff and makes for a fresh approach . i enjoyed this book and recommend it highly . dietz is the best sf writer working today when it comes to letting character drive the story no matter the setting . 
books neg 458.txt what a complete and utter waste of time . its obvious how these guys got dubbed the nutroots 
software pos 693.txt when i tried this program out , i at first had some trouble running it . but then i went to the website at : www.kutoka.com and click on the support tab and then select easyspeak spanish . they give you a link for the version of flash 8 you need to run . after this everything worked well . while some may have been offended by bathing suits . not me and not my kids . there is absolutly nothing obscene here folks . this program is the best thing going for learning spanish quickly ! and it is fun to use with the many games and puzzles that you work out with real life scenerios . very artistic and fun . you can go to the bank , the hospital , and several different places , learn a new set of words and situations . that you could really use in a foreign country . my hats off to the designers and creators of this program . well done ! ! bravo ! muy bien . 
books neg 803.txt the writing was not what i expect of andre norton . too many gaps and information that is disjointed . whether this is a consequence of collaboration i do n't know . i felt this should have had a strong editor to point out where things should be tightened . for example - at the start we know kirion has sent people to capture his sister . the book covers over 2 years , but you hardly hear of this again . i cannot imagine the sorcerer would just have let it drop . i am a long-time fan and retired children 's librarian . sic fi & fantasy is my favorite genre , but this one i had to push to finish . unsatisfying . 
health pos 96.txt now that i 'm writing this review , it seems silly that i 'm so happy over such a small thing as a toothbrush . but i am . i bought this item not long after i had my first ( and hopefully only ) root canal and crown four years ago , something which i never again want to experience in my life ( as someone else described , it was painful and expensive ) . growing up , i did n't take care of my teeth like i should 've , so i 'm accustomed to always being told there 's either a cavity , or the start of one , and having to have more work done . after the root canal , my mom recommended a brush that had at least a certain number of pulsations / oscillations , because that 's what she 'd been recommended by her dentist to combat her receding gums . this specific item met those requirements , and it was affordable . when i first started using it , my gums were very sensitive to it , but that quickly wore off , so it seems to me that it strengthens the gums . it is also much easier to get behind the front teeth . subsequent dentist vists by my mom have shown that her gums have improved dramatically after using a high-quality electric toothbrush such as this one ( i honestly do n't remember if she has this exact model , but ours are similar ) , and i 've not needed any work done at the dentist beyond regular cleanings since i purchased it . as far as cleaning the unit to keep it from " gunking " up , i 'm the only person who uses this item , so any extra toothbrush heads are still in the package they came in , not dripping into the storage container ; so i do n't know how to combat that . but i just take the toothbrush head off the thing and rinse it , then rinse the hand-held part , and set them back on the unplugged charger / base ( i only plug it in when the battery runs low ) and things stay clean with no problem 
music neg 721.txt only way you are gonna like this music is if you are some depressed emo kid who listens to punk rock music just because it is punk , and you think that 'll make you cool . this cd just does n't display musical talent , maybe originality , but this is not high quality music 
health pos 720.txt great smell . worth the cost . cleans great . i have used this laundry soap for quite some time now and happy . 
camera neg 905.txt i spend hours pouring over reviews trying to decide which ultracompact was the best deal and the best overall camera . in the end , it came down to panasonic 's fx01 and cannon 's sd600. i read the warnings from other reviewers that the panasonic 's images were n't top quality , but i chose to ignore those reviewers because on paper the fx01 looks like it would out perform the sd600. i was wrong . after using the fx01 for a few days i knew what those other reviewers were talking about - grainy photo after grainy photo . i really really wanted this camera to be great , but it just wasn't . actually , my old 3mp camera took better shots then the 6mp fx01 ! very disappointing . i ended up returning this camera to amazon ( very easy-great service ) because of the poor image quality . i mean , wanting good photographs is why you take photos , right ? i know someone with the sd600 and he 's very happy with the quality . judging by the customer images on the sd600 's page on amazon , i think i should 've gone with cannon 
music pos 823.txt bireli is not only one of the best living guitar players in gypsy jazz - he is also one of the most creative . on this album , he gives us a new take on django 's music that is simply stunning . " move " has a smaller , more focused sound that it 's predecessors , and the addition of the saxophone brings a really fresh twist to this great old music . bireli is one of the hottest jazzmen around - this disc is all the evidence you 'll need to draw the same conclusion . bravo ! 
books pos 355.txt firstly , i have not seen the film adaptation of ' single white female ' and so this review is n't tainted one way or the other . this book , about the stolen identity of a young woman by her psychotic flatmate , is written is very easy style . characterizations , prose , and dialogue are all straightforward . i can understand why a film was made based on it since the book reads more like a screenplay than a novel . and the book 's " feel " is anything but original . ' sliver ' by ira levin does a better job of capturing the essence of life ( and danger ) in manhattan for a single , white female . still , ' single white female ' is an entertaining read . bottom line : a very enjoyable , suspenseful read that does n't tax the brain . recommended 
books neg 644.txt i did not find this book very helpful when it came to identification . it did help with classification and mapping 
dvd pos 440.txt a film that centers on four friends who made a pact to leave their small town arrive at zero hour and must decide if they will go through with it . the story is simple enough , and not a whole lot happens . but there 's no denying it , this movie is enjoyable and aesthetically pleasing in every way . it 's a treat to see an intelligent movie where the main charachters are teenagers , and that the film does n't have to resort too fart jokes for an audience . not one charachter is stereotyped . they are human , and they 'll probably remind you of people you know . i applaud this kind of a movie , and i wish there would be more of them 
software pos 727.txt this is the second generation of this software i have owned . it is a great navagation tool , better than most online sites and can be used in the car . i marvel at how up to date the roads shown are because in the lexington , kentucky area we have had a lot of new growth , with new streets and roads . the software contains a lot of good eating and lodging places already placed on the map , so you do n't have to do a separate search to find a place to eat or spend the night . major points of interest are also on the map 
books pos 380.txt i have just finished reading & quot ; the power of ethical management , & quot ; and i thought it was well written . in the past few weeks i have read several other books on business ethics and this one is my favorite . it is short and exact with great details on how to improve your corporation as well as yourself . this book not only can be applied to the work place but in your life at home , family , friends , and children . this book has helped me greatly 
dvd pos 962.txt firstly , do n't let the dvd region 1 status put you off - i am in australia and this disc played perfectly on my pc , dvd player and even the ps2 ! it 's wonderful to finally see an intimate performance by elvis costello on dvd ! it brought so many memories of his tour in 2004 back to me . elvis fans will love this dvd featuring his latest music , along with many oldies , it is very rare to get up close and personal with this man ! elvis gives 100% of himself on stage ! a must for your music dvd collection 
dvd neg 936.txt wow , this was awful ! the best thing about this dvd is that it does n't last long . my boyfriend and i sat down to watch this together ( in the mood to begin with ) and both of us were completely turned off by it . the woman is not even naked , and wears a nightie throughout the dvd . she also is extremely hairy ( a matter of personal taste i know , but this was very extreme ) . the tone of it was decidedly unsexy , more of a strictly how-to than a way to excite the watcher ( s ) . it seemed to me to be very low-budget and unimaginative . spend your money on something else if you 're looking for sexual excitement. . 
books neg 635.txt my blood was boiling as i read other customers ' rave reviews of " the prince of tides . " whoever considers this thesaurus-scrubbing , self-indulgent mess of cliches a literary masterpiece has no sense of language and literature . someone was even audacious enough to compare pat conroy to virginia woolf . what a joke ! woolf 's writing is brilliant , original , and real . she cuts to the quick , whereas conroy slathers his story in cloying metaphors and trite descriptions . one can almost see conroy congratulating himself on each simile and metaphor as he writes , not caring how superfluous or artificial his language is - - nor how unrealistic it makes the story . i laughed out loud at some of the words he puts in the characters ' mouths . in the real world , nobody is as self-concious and self-reflexive as the characters in this book . they do not speak in reams of figurative language . i cannot even get into how inconsistent and impossible the characters are , especially the children . also , conroy caricatures both places and exaggerates the cultural gulf between them . ( i make that claim as a southerner who lived in nyc for four years . ) it 's one of many , many flaws in this ridiculous book . read it if you like sensational stories with mass appeal ( john irving , etc. ) , but avoid it if you have any respect for the english language and for real american literature ( cheever , plath , hemingway , cather , etc. ) . do n't be fooled by all the fools out there . 
music pos 809.txt ' live etc ' is an absolute must-have compilation for all true gong fans.it features a total of fifteen live tracks of tunes that originally appeared on the band 's key albums ' camembert electrique ' , ' flying teapot ' , ' angel 's egg ' and ' you' .taken from unreleased live soundboard tapes ( i assume ) from shows between 1973-75.absolute best cut here is " where have all the flowers gone ? " along with " 6 / 8 tune " , that are the disc 's only unreleased material.other cosmic gems include " dynamite / i am your animal " , " isle of everywhere " , " oily way " and " master builder " .duration is 78:33.heard they wanted to add the 16th cut that was originally on the 2-lp record , but the cd simply would n't hold it.talk about wanting to give your fans their money 's worth.long live the mother gong ship ! recommended 
camera pos 231.txt it 's good as my title says , however , i found one con about it is there is no place i can put a string on it so that i have to put it in my pocket when i take it off 
health pos 337.txt having previously owned battery powered travel razors , i was always disappointed with their power and battery life . after all , what 's the point ditching a heavier charger and razor if you have to carry a load of extra batteries and still end up stubbly faced ? the braun 370-bk was a pleasant surprise , however ; powerful enough to hack through my hiking stubble and plenty of juice for an extended outing . i also liked the folding design which protects the cutting surfaces and keeps the cleaning brush from getting lost . a great piece of tech at a good price 
health pos 3.txt i bought this gadget with the intent of monitoring my daily steps to get an idea of where i was currently to establish some sort of baseline so that i could get a reality check on my activity levels . i opened the box , read the easy directions , set up my personal step measurement ( just measure off the distance of your 10 steps ) , and clipped it on my pants and forgot about it for the day . i was surprised to find out that a corpse could probably move around more during the day than me ! over the next 6 days , ( this pedometer keeps track of 7 days of steps for you ) ; i literally stepped up my game and went from 756 steps with no aerobic exercise on day 1 , to 7 , 880 steps with 30 minutes of nonstop aerobic exercise on day 3 ! every day has been getting easier to achieve the 10 , 000 " normal " steps , and increasing the aerobic steps too ( which are tracked separately ) . i can press the mode button , check out how many miles my steps translate to , kilocalories burned , aerobic steps , and compare it with the past 7 days as well . it has turned out to be even more fun than what i originally bought it for . i actually feel better , and the fun part is that i am trying to beat my own personal record from the previous day ! this has been an eye-opening experience for me , and i keep this on or in my pocket all the time now , just to make sure i keep a mindful eye on my steps and aerobic activity for the day 
music neg 704.txt inspiring ? no ! pleasant ? no ! entertaining ? no ! worthwhile ? no ! what are you folks sniffing out there anyway ? whatever it is , please consider passing it along , because other than the single authentic and melodic track by patsy cline ( i.e. , back in baby 's arms , which is available on a zillion other collections including some of her own ) , this cd does n't have an ounce of redeeming musical , lyrical or social value in my view . nada ! zip ! even the dylan track is junk ! the entire cd is essentially drivel , put to the dull , homicide-provoking sound of endless , droning noise , with an overall signal-to-noise ratio of about one ( 1.0 ) ! ! ! what a waste of an a-to-d converter 
music pos 668.txt i felt compelled to write a review having read another written by someone who gave it one out of five stars . i felt it a grossly misleading and inaccurate review , so here i am.. . as a musician i could think of nothing more intimidating than attempting to cover a buckley song . their fan bases are fiercely loyal and protective of their material . so first things first i would like to congratulate the artists for their bravery . furthermore a quick glance down the list of performers will quell any suspicions that this is ' just another tribute record cashing in on someone else 's success ' , these are musicians that know what they 're doing . what struck me the most was the variety of voices on this disc ; you have the ethereal whisper of sufjan stevens , sweet folk harmonies of the magic numbers , the lazy drawl micah p . hinson . not only that , but these are great interpretations from the jeff & tim cannon . very inspired and innovative - a beautiful accordion riff on ' grace ' , an irish-jig inflected ' no man can find the war' ...these artists do not desire to replace jeff or tim , they 're merely reuniting us with what they left us - their music . 
health neg 343.txt i quite liked this trimmer while it worked well , so i 'm disappointed at how it has held up through only a little over six months . as of now the battery will hold barely any charge , if at all . it 's frustrating to have it crap out on me after initially being pleased with its functions 
books neg 18.txt all throughtout this book alex delaware and his police friend milo never stop ruminating over every new fact they uncover . they have endless discussions on how a new tidbit might fit into the overall picture . the reader longs for the pair to actually do something . in the end the author walks away without even tying up all the main strings . that is really dirty pool after making the reader wade through all the yakking . i read and enjoyed several of the early alex delaware books and then quit looking for new ones , now i know why 
dvd neg 502.txt i really enjoyed the first urban legends movie , but this one i was not impress by at all . i wish i would have taken these reviews more seriously that i read before buying this dvd . this was an awful cheapo urban legends movie . theres nothing here to come close of where the first urban legends was . i see now theres a third urban legends movie out , im not sure if that ones good or bad , like this one . if you have a couple of bucks to blow , go ahead and get this one . if you seriously want a good atleast kinda scary movie , look else where . p.s. no wonder this dvd is only $9.00 bucks 
health pos 779.txt i was having a problem with over-eating and eating when i was n't hungry and as a result , gained quite a bit of weight , and felt awful . i 've only been using this product for three days , but already my portion size has shrunk immensely and my energy is way up . i have n't felt jittery or shaky . i feel better than i have in months . i would recommend this to those who also have problems with cravings or portion size and want to drop some un-needed weight 
software neg 206.txt they have the hebrew backwards ! ! you are supposed to read hebrew right to left-the opposite of english and this cd has it left to right . i find it extremely confusing . i know how to read hebrew and i wanted to learn how to speak it . what a poor effort ! 
health pos 380.txt had i read these reviews before buying this , i probably would n't have purchased it . but i had been looking at the much more expensive sonicare toothbrushes after my dentist recommended sonicare after i asked . i did n't ask if there was a certain model that he recommended , so i assumed i 'd have to pay from $40- $150 for a sonicare . when i saw this one for $30 at target , i figured i did n't have much to lose . i 've had no problems with any of the other problems mentioned and have been happy with how it makes my teeth feel super clean and has even cleaned this spot that even my dental hygienist could n't get . it turns off automatically after 2 minutes , so i know that i 'm brushing my teeth longer . one thing that takes getting used to is not removing it while it 's going...you 'll splatter toothpaste all over yourself ! :d another plus is not having your tummy jiggle like it does with a manual toothbrush ! ! the only negative is that it goes thru 2 aa batteries about once a month , but the directions said that it lasts about 60 brushes per battery change and that 's about right . i 've started using rechargable batteries and have had no problems . 
camera pos 165.txt when i bought this camera the sales people tried to get me to buy another battery . they said the one that came with it would only be good for about 20 minutes . now i have bought alot of items in my lifetime , a 20 min battery on a camera just doesnt seem like a very good " business " choice . so i said no . so i got the camera , charged the battery until the light went green ( which sucked because i wanted to play with it right when i got it ) and started taking pictures ( oh i also got a 2g cf ) worked great....so i planned to go up a mountain and take soem scenery shots . keeping in mind what the sales person had told me i pocketed the charger just incase . well , 6000 ' , 300 pictures , and 5 hours later the camera is still running strong , still have 200 shots left for the trip home , battery life indicator hasnt budged off of the full button . so all in all , i think the battery life is great , now i can see if your taking say thousands of pictures all in a row you may need another but for just going on a trip and shooting a few pictures at every stop point , the original will work fine . as for the quality of photos.....i love them 
health neg 909.txt the description of the ingredients lists " d-alpha tocopherol acetate " as the main ingredient . however , the product bottle indicates that the actual main ingredient is " dl-alpha tocopherol acetate " , an articial and very different version of the advertised ingredient . the amazon.com listing is very misleading 
music neg 945.txt carter burwell 's soundtrack music to & quot ; rob roy&quot ; was an early sign that he was not just getting it right . the score is all wrong but so is the movie . this movie needed an uplifting score . carter burwell could not deliver it 
dvd neg 368.txt unlike many of the reviewers here , i 'm not a biblical expert and really do n't care if the movie adheres to the stories as they are portrayed in the bible . i would just judge the movie based on its entertainment value and ability to engage me emotionally . the biggest problem with this movie was that it simply seemed to be too long and drawn out . there were also some scenes that felt like padding and added nothing to the story ( and in some cases detracted from it ) . for instance , during the long voyage while the earth was covered by water , everyone goes a bit crazy . that 's an acceptable premise but it 's played out theatrically for far too long and in a variety of embarrassing scenes for the actors . the idea that they suffered madness was fine to introduce but it should n't have taken up so much time nor been quite so adbsurdly plotted out like a little play . there were also a couple of ridiculous encounters on the water ( between lot acting as a pirate and a merchant who sold them various trinkets for water ) which undermined the entire story of the great flood . everyone was supposed to have perished in the flood and it was a bit absurd that a few would be sailing the high seas on little boats . it was just plain silly and , again , seemed to be put in just to pad the story or add unnecessary " spice " ( it did n't work as a means of jazzing up the story ) . i 'm guessing the writers felt the time on the water had to be long to show how noah and his family suffered or had their faith tested but they also felt it had to be more interesting than just lounging on the boat and taking care of the animals . this type of insecurity with telling a story in the most effective way is what causes so many productions to go bad . to the movie 's credit , the actors are quite good and there are some good moments but too much of the movie does n't work . 
books neg 217.txt this was required reading for my british literature class . it 's the only novel in the class that i struggled with and only struggled from boredom . it is entirely possible that i just do not understand the genius that is forster , but i did not enjoy this novel . a lover of forster or modernist writing might enjoy it more . it must be a classic for a reason . 
music pos 318.txt i just loved this album the songs really related to my life . it was nice to see that there was personal experience involved while writing the songs 
books pos 581.txt i 've read a lot of books on real estate sales , but this books is my favorite . jim remley offers comon sense ideas that are easy to implement and are being used by real agents . everyone should read this book . 
camera pos 913.txt my husband is away ( military ) and i was looking for the perfect , small but clear , pictures for him . i did n't care about the frame , only the small white digital system . i was hesitant , as my mil has a digital keychain and the picture quality is horrible . i was pleasantly surprised at the picture quality and the ease of both looking at pictures already on an sd card and transferring pictures from the computer . i love that i can use either batteries or the included plug . everything was soooo easy that i did not even need to read the instructions to begin . i also purchased the small case to put this in for travel as the album is just an added extra for later . this is the best investment for anyone looking for something very small and portable . perfect to send a military loved one lots of pictures to keep them involved no matter how far away they are ! then , when he comes home , it 's great for a portable album to carry anywhere 
dvd pos 570.txt the shipment was fast also the email response before . the vhs was in very good shape , almost like new ( as said in the description ) 
software neg 188.txt i found this program simple , easy to operate . however , when creating a dvd project i used a narration for my audio . the narration matched each picture perfectly , when i decided to burn it all of the audio was thrown off . do not count on any tech support . they offer an online chat with tech support but do not respond or are not online at all . you have the option of forking over $35 per incident in order to get a real live person on the phone - but it still does not guarantee it will help . and now , i 'm not even able to burn it ! ! ! ! i hate this program 
health neg 933.txt i purchase this press , and was totally disappointed with this product . it takes longer to press a shirt with this so called press , than with an iron . i will be returning 
dvd pos 780.txt i 'll make this short and sweet - this is by far the best bond movie of them all , imho . excellent work by connery and the rest of the cast 
camera pos 721.txt it 's pretty hard to argue against this at the prices we 're seeing.. . in short , for not so much more than the high end of the bridge cameras ( panasonic dmc-fz50 , fuji s9100 ) you can have this camera with the 2 kit lenses . i imagine that you 'll be very satisfied for paying the difference . 8mp with 2 pretty good kit lenses for under $650 as of 4 / 2007 , and an upgrade path to the e-510 for all the lenses and accessories . once you make that upgrade , what 's left to ask for except a faster burst mode and weather sealing . that 's 10mp , is in-body , sswf and live-view . imho , even if you 're an " entry-level " dslr user , spend the extra $400+ and get the faster 14-54mm f2.8-3.5 lens and get rid of the the 14-45mm f3.5-5.6 lens . the 40-150mm f3.5-4.5 is a very nice lens , with no real peers in the entry-level dslr range as a kit lens that i could see without going 3rd party . this lens put olympus over the edge for me . for that speed of lens over that 35mm equivalent range ( 28-300mm ) , i 'm not sure what else can compete on price . if you have to have a faster lens for the longer zoom , you could cough up the $800+ for the 50-200mm f2.8-3.5 , and even then , that 's a very , very good price for that kind of lens and 35mm equivalent range . the camera has full manual controls , as expected from a dslr , and can drive a newbie like me nuts , but can also keep it simple with it 's auto mode and numerous scene settings ( which i use a good deal ) . if you get this camera , imho , do n't bother with the xd cards . they are very slow in comparison to the less expensive cf cards in this camera . when it comes time to get a flash , go the extra mile and get the olympus fl-36 over the fl-20. i 'm not sure that the fl-50 's warranted at this price point . i was lucky to find one cheap , so i did n't have to research 3rd party flashes . i confess to having been a pixel-peeper and compared the high-iso samples from this camera to the canons and nikons of the world . it 's definitely not bad in direct comparison , but after you 're done resizing and touching up the photos , you 'll never notice , imho . on the down side , the raw files ( .orf ) do n't seem to be compressed , and they 're not exactly small at 14mb . all in all , not much to complain about here 
health neg 222.txt i received this tweezer for christmas , so i 'm glad i did n't spend anything for it because it 's not even worth 50 cents . the tweezer portion does not grip on to any hairs . it 's a piece of crap as far as i 'm concerned . do not bother purchasing this product , if you do , you 'll regret it 
dvd neg 548.txt the only reason i gave this dvd set 2 stars , instead of the 5 that i would rate the show itself , is because there are absolutely no extras on this dvd set . no featurettes , no cast interviews , not even any episode commentaries . while i appreciate the studios putting the season sets out in such a timely manner , i 'd prefer they take a little longer and give us some fun extras to go along with the wonderful episodes 
music neg 489.txt unfortunately ttd went off the deep end on this album . consequently he put off many fans from buying the brilliant next album & quot ; symphony or damn&quot ; and the superb follow up & quot ; vibrator&quot ; . if you loved the first album , give this one a miss and get the two i just mentioned . come on ttd hurry up and release a new album 
software neg 767.txt my daughter and another second-grade friend both got bored of this game after 20 minutes of staring at a horse standing in a stall and listening to a cat meow . the controls are not very logical , and there is no animation to speak of 
books neg 387.txt i had to buy this book for a class . it is an extremely boring read and i struggle to keep myself awake while reading it ( as does the rest of the class i am told ) . it does tell you about dreamweaver though and i suppose that is its purpose . one thing that i do not like is the way the author is constantly bashing internet explorer and other isp's . his personal opinions are a real turn-off and unnecessary 
dvd neg 464.txt why american production make hk movies look so cheap ? first of all , they cut off so much scene , second of all ruin it by making look act so dumb by english dubb . always stick with original licensed hk release . be careful with cheap imports , boots , and bulls though 
health neg 27.txt i own a more expensive braun but bought this model as a gift for someone who i was n't sure if he would use an electic toothbrush . after 7 months , the toothbrush wo n't turn off-something is shorted out . unfortunately i no longer have the receipt . my more expensive model which i use multiple times a day has been problem free for over five years 
health pos 121.txt i suffer from upper back and shoulder tension . i 've been using neck warmers for years but recently lost the only one i had . after looking at many warmers , i chose the happy wrap . the wrap stays warm for more than an hour and has the moist heat which is perfect for tense muscles . my yorkshire terrier ca n't wait until i 'm done using it and fights with the cat to get it when i 'm finished . 
music pos 837.txt for those who have watched the movie jaws ( ask yourself , who has n't ) will know that one of many key elements that made the movie a huge success was the fantastic score john williams did for it . this cd captures all the music from the movie perfectly , with some new elements thrown in that are not found in the film . the linear notes are bright and colourful and provide some interesting information , which gives the overall package a nice touch . the overall cd package is certainly not a rushed effort and is worth every cent . a highly recommended purchase for those who love their soundtracks or anyone who wants to relive the film through the music 
software neg 73.txt this roxio software has caused me the most bizarre and frustrating experience ever . first , it does n't work . second , i cannot obtain any support from roxio to find out why . they wo n't give support until you register , the only way to register is to follow a web link that comes with the software , and it takes you to a website that either does n't exist , or is always down . thus , it turns out to be a complete waste of money , not to mention several hours of time . run , do n't walk away from this software and this company 
software neg 773.txt the " bad serial number " routine as the first reviewer . i 'll try adobe customer service when i stop fuming 
dvd neg 756.txt why ? because it has good sound dts hd 5.1 master lossless audio the picture quality will not blow you away it just seams flat and washed out and this just isnt a good movie i like tim burton and mark wahlberg but this movie was done wright the first tim 
books pos 47.txt i read the good doctor 's book eat to live and then bought china study which he talks a lot about in this book . then i bought this book being curious after reading a few other books on fasting and this book wins hands down though i do feel he 's being overly cautious about doing long fasts of more than 5 days without medical supervision to protect himself as people have been doing long fasts for centuries without medical supervision and doing just fine and since finding a doctor in even a large community is rare indeed one is left to do this on their own . being a vegetarian for more than 37 years i became an almost 100% vegan after reading eat to live and have to say that i feel great with more energy and even started reducing anti-depression med i 've been taking for severe depression . yesterday i took my last pill ! all week i 've been emptying my refrigerator in order to start my water fast tomorow . and reducing my one cup of coffee in the norning to none because i remember clerly that awful caffiene withdrawl healache , i 'm going to do 10 days and hoping for 14. i 've done 3 day fast before and one 5 day and that was great . yes , there are some flaws in both books and i wish the good doctor would have made use of a good editor as it 's not as professionally written as it could be and the recipes in eat to live are atrocious with too much canned foods and not healthy organic foods but i 'll forgive him because he got me on the china study which changed my life and his studies and own experience helping people get well are good and inspiring . why am i going on a 10 day detox water diet ? i read randall fitxgerald 's one hundred year lie and that was the catalyst that pulled it all together for me . a detox fast absolutely necessary after my years on earth and after too many years on anti-depressants i 'm keeping dr. fuhrman 's fasting book close by during the next 10 hopefully 14 days for support and encouragement . i did make the mistake of telling my coworkers that i was starting a 10 day fast though the good doctor warned me not to . the comments from them were typical i suppose knowing their health or lack of but i held my tongue . those comments are just like the stupid ones some of the reviewers of dr. fuhnman 's books make along with other nutrituion books . but i thinkof the wisest words , " you are responsible for your own health " and think about my not being able to remember the last time i had a cold and the last flu i had in 1964 and smile . i do n't intend to support the ill-begotten medical-pharmecutical industry . the last time i went to the dr. i promptly firedhim after his continued to badger me into getting manograms . and other tests , i repeated that i eat well etc and he said nutrition had nothing to to do with breast cancer and i just walked out of his office forever . i 'd rather read a book 
books neg 70.txt i did n't know why i chose to read this book . anyway , it was disappointing , really . the book was slow , and it was too long for a story of its type . i mean , i think the book could go on without some of the parts . when i was reading it , i only thought of putting it down because it 's making me go crazy . i thought the plot was shallow , but taylor 's self-conflict was even shallower . he kept on blaming himself about his father 's death well then it 's really his fault ! he was a coward . if you do n't believe me , go on and read about it.. . although you might get bored getting to that part because it 's towards the end . and i hated it when this stupid conflict got in the way with his relationship with denise . he was acting really immature ! he should have at least thought about denise but he was too selfish . it really sucked . and yes , i know that this is supposed to be a romance novel.. . but i kept on looking for that love factor althroughout the book . and what did i find ? nothing . oh , what a waste . it 's like sparks tried very hard to make the situations in the story seem romantic but as a reader , it did n't really capture the whole essence of what romantic situations should be like . if it had n't been for my hrr ( home reading report ) i would n't have finished reading this at all . i guess i 'm saying this because i 'm not into this genre . love stories are fine but this one.. . nah 
music neg 659.txt 2nd time . 
software neg 548.txt i bought taxcut this year because it was inexpensive and included business tax forms for my partnership . for the money i guess i 'm satisfied with the partnership results , but that 's where it ends . taxcut for federal taxes is not integrated with taxcut for business.. . ok so what do you want for cheap . but , it also is n't well integrated with the massachusetts state tax version , leaving me to go figure how to deal with what it calls " special " situations ( unreimbursed partner expenses and interest from out of state banks , for example ) . overriding form data is painful and the program complains that if i override calculated data i can not e-file ( not that i would trust it to e-file my taxes ) . form navigation is hopeless . i can only imagine what someone who is n't experienced with tax preparation could accomplish with this mess . i filed for an extension ; now i 'm probably going to buy turbotax to do the actual federal and state returns . with a deep discount , i would probably purchase taxcut again for the partnership taxes , because it is slightly easier to use than the excel spreadsheets i 'd been using ( but only because i do n't have to copy the numbers from the spreadsheets into the forms ) . honestly , you would think there would be some tax software that is better than the non-functional taxcut without the overblown , fatty and expensive too-many-talking-heads turbotax alternative 
books neg 166.txt i wonder how long it will be before frost 's literary stock is devalued as much as it deserves to be . these are trite and banal poems that do not ring true or sincere . frost seems distant from both his poems and the reader . what he has to say is obvious and unoriginal . how he says it is on the level of a hallmark greeting card at its best ; at its worst , it is no better than a limerick . posthumous revelations about his horrific cruelty to others and his shrewd creation / manipulation of his celebrity image as the new england farmer-poet only confirm that there was something seriously wrong with this man and his poems that an earlier generation missed . how earlier generations could find genius in such obvious observations is astounding . bad poetry from a twisted man 
dvd pos 697.txt any sam kinison fan needs to own this dvd or video . you get 2 of sam 's hbo specials plus many special stand up features and sam 's home movies . the only reason i did not give this box set a 5 star rating is the fact that in the first special feature called : rare stand up ( i love the special features on dvds ) , sam told many jokes that were already on the hbo special . other than that , sam 's comedy is unlike anything you will see today . he will really be thought of as a comedy legend . these dvd 's will crack you up . i would recomend buying the sam kinison cds , live from hell , and have you seen me lately ? the cd 's ( just listen to them in your car or at home ) will give you the complementary material you need ( plus the hbo specials ) to truely love sam kinison . he is one of the best , and you will be satisfied with with any purchase . just buy 1 cd or dvd and you will be hooked 
camera pos 884.txt awesome , compact camera that takes remarkably sharp pics - very easy to use touchscreen and ( my favorite ) reliable stabilization feature 
health neg 251.txt the first one of these i received broke after 2 uses . target.com quickly sent a replacement at no charge , and now that one has broken after about 5 uses . very frustrating , because otherwise it seems like a good system 
music neg 409.txt ...when you 're gearing up for suicide . this whole album sounds like the last thoughts and comments of a person who 's going to just end it all . i found myself suffering nightmares , fatigue , misery and paranoia . my ears unclogged but i started getting headaches and a fuzzy feel in my head . this is not a good album for the stressed , because it will just make you feel worse . i find this album unlikable and mostly unenjoyable . when i first listened to it it sounded inaccessable , after listening to it more and more i started to get more " into " it , but i ca n't say i found it a good place to be in . it 's a somewhat interesting album , but it mostly just dragged me down , made me nervous , numb and hurt my head . people say this is great music . let them say what they want . give me some old fashioned enjoyable music that does n't make a pest of itself . kid a is just ok to me , and has n't been worth all the effort to " get into " . this almost seems like a sadomasochistic album to spank the listeners . i do n't know , maybe i 'm missing something , but to hear some " weird " music like this that has miles more heart and is alot kinder to the ears , try " passengers " by u2. and thom york sings like a muppet on this album . by the way i 've enjoyed radiohead 's first three albums quite a bit ( including pablo honey - - why are people always busting its chops ) . 
dvd neg 351.txt the kit was not worth its price . the spatial effect is poor . i 've been watching some much better 3d movies with much cheaper red-blue paper glasses . no , i do n't have visual problem , and i rigged up everything correctly . the dvds itself were not interesting . my kids were not impressed much . it were not made me happier with the pack . sorry this review seems against the others , but it is my truth . i 've stored it back into the box . i do n't recommend this for you 
software pos 506.txt tiger is simply the most advanced personal operational system on earth ! i am an advanced used . i have used all sorts of operational systems in the last decades : irix ( unix from silicon graphics ) , sunos ( unix from sun ) , linux , and also the bad written windows . everytime i used windoze in the last 20 years , i had to deal with crashes , hanging , lost of data and hours of configurations , tuning , adjusts , cleaning , etc. even today , everytime i shutdown windoze , it hangs , due to some program crashing . it 's a true joke ! ! ! on february 2005 i decided to buy a mac and give it a try . i bought a mac mini and started using it . what i have to say is that i am using it for more than an year without an issue , without a crash . system is solid as rock . some bad written programs eventually crash , but never the system . and i am the kind of guy who works with several heavy programs with heavy documents opened at the same time . mac never crashed . i am about to suggest apple a way to make it crash , so we can rest a little bit , instead of working all the time . so much trouble i had in the past with windoze that even today , while i am using the mac , i feel like it will crash at any time . fortunately it never crashed . beyond those functions advertised by apple , you will see that macos is a superb gold mine for those who want to explore under the hood . filled with thousands of powerfull unix commands and programs , you will be able to perform miracles . microsoft is copying everything it can from tiger and advertising it as revolutionary features of up comming windows ( hasta la ) vista . i cannot see a single revolutionary function on vista , as everything already exists on tiger . the most amazing is some sites on the web comparing vista ( a vaporware not yet launched ) with tiger ( an actual product ) . the only thing gates forgot is that one month after vista is released , apple will launch leopard that will take the crown from tiger . what i can say you is that for the first time on years i have joy of using a personal computer . 
health neg 188.txt i bought this product with great expectations that it would save my not-so-inexpensive victoria secret bras from excessive wear in the washing machine . it does do this , though the product is not very user friendly when your bra is fairly large cupped . i suppose if you have smaller cupped bras , this device works wonderfully . as for the larger dd or bigger cups , you have to tuck and there is a large overlap on the smaller interior ball . also , another problem i have found is that the larger cups with underwire are really hard to use with this ball . again , due to the size of the larger cups . otherwise , i would think that this is a great product for use with smaller cupped bras 
software pos 412.txt do n't listen to the whinnier . if you are serious about improving your focus and memory skills , this helps . you must use this program for 15 minutes everyday or you will be wasting your time and money . it is worth the effort ! i noticed immediate results of being able to retain more info and having more focus at work . i also purchased the music cd 's produced by the same company . they are helpful as well . i use them at work , at home , and in the car . the brain builder booklet mentions the cd's . if you want to stop looking stupid because you ca n't remember information or you 're tired of getting lost while driving , this will help you 
music neg 192.txt can this be the same d-12 that packed in witty rhymes in a non-serious demeaner ? well , i guess this really does prove they are only a side-show . eminem has different production , so the group will have different production . eminem went more serious , now the group is more serious . besides that , shady himself ( or what is left of what he use to be ) is basically a no-show . in any track eminem 's in , it 's usually the strongest , and that is the case here ; however , that does n't mean he was great . that means the cd itself is misconfusion , contradiction , and a side-show for eminem 's next cd ( " encore " , which was better then this , but not that great overall , as well ) . d-12 is the commercials to the eminem show , everyone 's just waiting to get in between them . that 's the case here 
software neg 264.txt i wanted a simple product with a good red eye removal tool . this program does not do well with fixing red eye . software did not come with a manual . i am computer literate yet i found this software not easy to navigate . i found hp essentials which is a free download from the hp website to be a better program . 
dvd pos 157.txt there are n't enough movies like this these days . family oriented ( centered actually ) , adventure with edutainmental attributes . great cast , great score , great ( albeit goofy ) story . people give this film too much credit for being implausible , which is exactly what makes it so much fun to imagine the ramifications if it were true . if you 're looking for adventure and fun , thrilling characters in a family film , this is it 
camera pos 966.txt i liked this lens . i used it , for the first time , while traveling through peru . it was light-weight and easy to use . at 200mm , most of my pictures turned out great , especially when i was on steady ground ( taking pictures from a rocking boat with no tripod is a bit of a challenge ! ) . i 've printed some 8x10 's of close-ups i took using this lens and i was quite impressed with the quality . it was also in my price range . overall , i 'd say it was a " good bang for the buck . 
dvd pos 645.txt this movie helps brings to life what you have read in the bible about john and future world events . you must see this movie 
camera neg 191.txt yes , it does provide a bit more eye relief , and can make it easier to see the whole frame ( by making it smaller ) , but there is a major problem with this . the eyepiece lens surface will not be as deeply couched in the rubber trim when you use this , and the result is a lot more reflections flashing around in the eyepiece when you have light behind you . this is especially a problem when you are wearing glasses . 
health pos 678.txt shaves great wet or dry . i like it because it pivots real good . no cuts , it was worth every penny 
dvd neg 686.txt this film starts out so promising . it could have been a punchy dramatic piece about the nature of belief , and the legitimacy of the concept of free will . instead , the characters dribble into infantile sexuality , and the film becomes a travelog . i ca n't believe this film found financing...a real waste of obvious talent . the effect of the ending is to trivialise the opening premise , hence the film winds up being an exercise in meaninglessness with an unpleasant aftertaste 
books neg 556.txt first of all , ike is doing the very thing that tina always said he would do . ike turner will never admit to what he did to tina . tina stayed around him for so long because she promised that she would never leave him like " all the others . " ike took advantage of her . tina her self said she cared very much for him . cher even had seen what was going on and tried to convince tina to leave him . even the girls that danced with tina on stage had whitnessed what happened . tina did not write her autobiography to promote her career , she herself said that she did not want to talk about what happened but the public kept asking her what had went on . so she released her autobiography in 1986 , well after her come-back in 1984. while ike can try to deny it all he wants , the truth is he violently abused tina ! and considering the person ike turner is , i would expect him to do no less than to lie and make a pathetic-excusse of a come-back ! ! 
books pos 155.txt april of 1865 has been referred to as the month that saved america but april of 1861 may have been just as vital if not more so . it was during this time that washington dc sat completely surrounded by two states that were teetering on the verge of secession . once virginia did leave the union only maryland provided the federal government with a connection to the rest of the nation and it was a tenuous connection at best . abraham lincoln was clearly out of his league in this early stage of the game and he leaned heavily on general winfield scott . for his part , scott was keenly aware of the danger facing washington and began to immediately call for any militia units that could get to dc quickly from loyal northern states . the problem was that these militia units would have to travel through maryland , a slave state that might well consider these yankee troops to be invaders and could easily be pushed into the confederacy by such an affront to state sovereignty . it was also distinctly possible that these militia units might be attacked by not only the people of maryland but also ultimately by the state militia . in the meantime virginia forces had seized the federal armory at harper 's ferry and the gosport navy yard near hampton virginia . rumors are rampant in dc that the virginia militia that had taken harper 's ferry was preparing to move on washington and many in the federal city were in a state of panic . the questions that arise from this drama involve the decision making process on both sides and the ultimate question is of course whether washington dc was ever in any real danger . did the confederacy in fact lose it 's only real chance for ultimate victory during this time period ? david detzer has done an admirable job in this book of not only bringing this evolving drama to life but also of answering these questions in a clear and concise manner . this book reads much like a great historical drama and the author 's writing style is superbly readable . it is rare for the author of a history book to achieve such a sense of drama since the reader usually already knows the outcome . detzer has accomplished this however and although i was keenly aware of what was about to happen at every turn i had a tough time putting the book down . this invigorating writing style is often derisively referred to as popular history but detzer blows the sides off of that old mold by not only offering new information but also keen observations that cut directly to the heart of this eventful period of american history . no hero of american history is spared criticism when criticism is due and conversely even ben butler is praised when his actions merit it . this is the story of those fateful days of april and may of 1861 and it is a story that is well told by this supremely able author . this book is well researched , very well written and the story is told from the point of view of both governments as well as the lowliest private in the pennsylvania militia . it is a story upon which the fate of the united states once turned 
dvd pos 926.txt he 's a smart guy and it comes through in the material . ca n't wait till then next dvd release 
dvd neg 723.txt i was surprised that so many people childishly attacked the person who gave this movie one-star . someone even accused them of not being young at heart . well , i do n't like this film , and i 'm young at heart ; i 'm just not immature , so try not to confuse the two . some of you need to check your spelling before accusing someone else of bad writing . having said that , on to the film : julie and friends are simply dying to be included in the in-crowd their first year of high school , so on the night julie has a sleepover , they make a deal with some rival girls to go on a " scavenger " hunt , which is basically one huge dare game . the group that fulfills the dares first get to be popular by.. . ( drumroll , please ) sitting at the popular lunch spot . that is , a picnic bench by the school fountain . that 's right ; popularity is not guaranteed by who you sit with , but where you sit . pick the right spot , and you may just magically become queen bee for the rest of the year . in case you could n't tell by my sarcasm , the shallow impracticality of this film truly bugs me at times . we all know the whole popularity thing is practically a tradition for teen chick-flicks , but this film tended to go over the top with a lot of it . granted , a lot of the exaggerated silliness worked for the film ; in fact , the movie 's beginning surprised me with many clever and well-written clips . however , there is such a thing as going too far . the movie becomes absolutely dedicated to making teen girls look like sassy but fashionably ingenuis bimbos and making teen boys look like...well , the dumbest , scruffiest beings that ever stumbled on the planet . not that all the boys are like this , mind you ; there are a few of the god-like types that the girls practically kill themselves for . it got worse , however , when the film attempted to fit in a few serious scenes . if the movie had stuck to pure sarcastic silliness the whole time , it might 've worked . instead , the few attempts to be serious usually fell flat on their faces because the seriousness went in the wrong direction . for example , there was the nauseating scene where poor beaten julie nearly gives up her scavenger hunt and one of her friends says , " julie , i know you can do this ; i believe in you " in a tone which implies that they 're talking about a major life crisis instead of a juvenile daredevil game . the worst " serious " scene , however , is when julie attempts to get into a dance ( therefore fulfilling the final dare ) and the ticket seller wo n't let her in because she does n't have a ticket . suddenly inspired , julie gives the ticket seller a sickening " i know who you are " speech , telling her that she knows she was a nerd her whole high school life and that now , because of her former nerdiness , she 's become a poor ticket seller . julie ends her speech by wailing , " i can see myself being you in four years if i do n't go to this dance ! " the ticket seller leaps to her feet but , instead of punching julie , suddenly breaks into a smile and says , " go ahead and go in ! " um , what ? ? whatever happened to the girls finding out that popularity is n't everything after all and actually getting lives and acting like humans ? ( not to mention that nice sock in the mouth i was hoping julie would get ) . is this what we want to teach our kids , that being dedicated to work makes them nerds and that partying all the time will get them somewhere in life ? i personally think the " nerds " are far better off than the girls who lose their virginity on the first date and party all year rather than learn anything . it was this scene and this message that seriously lowered the film in my opinion . i 'm not sure why the filmmakers decided to end the film with this childish message . maybe they did it on a dare because the popular filmmakers finally offered them a cool lunch spot in exchange . i recommend " never been kissed " and " mean girls " far more than this film ; they have good moral lessons as well as intelligent humor . oh , before i finish , here 's one more valuable lesson from this film : girls , if you want to win a guy who 's never noticed you , all you have to do is strike a cool pose , hop on a skateboard , and ride it directly in front of his car . ( do n't forget to wear an expensive dress and look flawless while you 're at it ) . do this , and he will be so in love with you that he wo n't even care if you tell him that you did something freakish like stealing his underwear . the things we learn from movies , huh ? 
dvd pos 704.txt director : sam wood studio : warner home video video release date : january 23 , 1991 cast : clark gable ... brig . gen . k.c. ' casey ' dennis walter pidgeon ... maj . gen . roland goodlaw kane van johnson ... tsgt . immanuel t . evans brian donlevy ... brig . gen . clifton i . garnet charles bickford ... elmer brockhurst john hodiak ... col . edward rayton martin edward arnold ... congressman arthur malcolm marshall thompson ... capt . george washington bellpepper lee richard quine ... maj . george rockton cameron mitchell ... lt. ansel goldberg clinton sundberg ... maj . homer v . prescott ray collins ... maj . desmond lansing warner anderson ... col . ernest haley john mcintire ... maj . belding davis moroni olsen ... congressman stone john ridgely ... james carwood michael steele ... capt . lucius malcolm jenks edward earle ... congressman watson mack williams ... lt. col . virgil jackson james millican ... maj . garrett davenport fred datig jr. bert davidson dennis dengate tay dunn sam flint ... congressman don garner don haggerty ... command officer henry hall ... congressman alvin hammer ... machine shop sergeant clarke hardwicke holmes herbert ... chairman david holt james horne jr. robin hughes john james ... officer george backus colin kenny marten lamont ... raf officer william leicester ... chauffeur peter martin ... command sergeant gregg barton ... sergeant frank mayo john mcguire bill mcivor george melford howard m. mitchell bill neff barry nelson ... cumquat b-baker crewman george offerman ... waiter william ' bill ' phillips ... jeep driver frank j . scannell robin short j . lewis smith buddy swan william tannen arthur walsh ... photographer douglas walton harlan warde wilson wood jimmy zaner william cabanne lane allan joel allen bruce cowling ... operations officer during world war ii the british royal air force maintained nighttime bombing raids over europe , while the united states army air corps made large daylight raids . since the air corps was clearly visible , their losses were heavy . american fighter cover did not have sufficient range to accompany the bombers , mainly the b-17 & quot ; flying fortresses , & quot ; mainly from the eighth air force , all the way to their german targets and back , which made them highly vulnerable . we lost 50 , 000 men in the air over europe during that war . this is the fictional story of some of the men who fought that air war . brig . gen . k.c. ' casey ' dennis ( clark gable ) is in command of a bomber division composed of several groups attempting to destroy the aircraft plants in germany that are producing the messerschmidt 262 jet fighter ( the first operational jet fighter in the second world war ) . the german jet was much faster and better armed than our p-51 ' mustang ' , p-47 ' thunderbolt ' , or p-38 ' lightning ' , our three best escort fighters , and was causing massive losses in the air . dennis was obstructed by higher ranking generals who were worried about the reaction of the politicians and newsmen who were reporting the high losses to the american public . the course of the war was , indeed , in reality , affected by just such considerations , as it is in every war . this is a far better film , and reflected the reality of that particular war far better than i expected . i appreciated it . it was a well-acted , well motivated drama . joseph ( joe ) pierre author of handguns and freedom...their care and maintenance and other books 
health pos 499.txt this is 100 percent plastic , makes me nervous dealing with it . the variable sprays are nice , one is so wide it shoots outside the shower . make sure you crank on this when fixing it to the water pipe . i really had to tighten it to keep it from leaking . one other reader snapped hers on the install , i was afraid the same would happen . it is a good shower head , not great 
dvd neg 339.txt this is one of the worst movies i have ever seen . the characters are unlikeable except for charity 's two friends . the songs are far too long and i had to fast forward through most of them because they were so dull . i was especially disappointed with big spender because i love the song and expected a spectacular dance number from bob fosse and all they did was stand there draped over the bar . the only redeeming factor was that sammy davis jr. was in it . he 's awesome even though the song was fairly stupid . this was my first shirley maclaine film and on the back it said that sweet charity was her best movie . i have no desire to see her other movies then 
software pos 601.txt i bought this to transfer lps to cd . it is simple to connect to the computer , and the software is easy to use . just be sure when you download the mp3 encoding program , to put it in the same directory as the lp ripper . the lp recorder works well and is very easy to use . the lp ripper , makes it easy to trim the tracks , and then encode them as mp3 files . when saving them as mp3 's i can get approximately 20 lp 's on one cd . i am very satisfied with the product 
music neg 803.txt my two parakeets seem to enjoy this cd a bit , but if you want a cd for relaxing listening , be prepared to be irritated . i tried to go to sleep listening to it one night . i had to turn it off because it just got on my nerves.....i kept thinking it was stuck....like a record stuck in a grrove . it sometimes seems they recorded it by just hitting the & quot ; repeat&quot ; button on a couple of bird sounds . i think i could have done that . i 'm just glad it did n't cost a lot , but now i can see why . sorry for such a bad review , but i just had to tell anyone planning on buying it . i now just play it for my birds when i am not in the room 
health neg 633.txt i saw a review that made it seem like these were indistructable . not so ! they tear easily . better than just empty wal mart bags though , but not by much 
software pos 25.txt product came in a timely manner and i love it . easy to use and fun too . 
dvd pos 367.txt a true love-it-or-hate-it movie : my reaction fits closer with the first group . this gritty look at the dark side of the drug culture plays like an open wound . the parallel stories chronicle a widow who descends into an addiction to diet pills , while her son tries to make a living dealing , although he , his partner , and his girlfriend smoke and snort a lot of the profits . the director 's jarring style fits the subject matter well , and ellen burstyn 's performance as the diet pill addict is nothing short of amazing . julia roberts beat her for best actress in 2000 with erin brockovich , which was a fine role and performance , but burstyn was in another world . those who hate the film will complain about the style and whether the events at the end make any sense . i can understand the second objection , hence four stars rather than five . note : i got this movie from netflix- -i 'm not sure if i was watching the director 's cut or not 
health neg 565.txt i have tried other products before and this one gets the whitest results the fastest . however , i was in so much pain about 5 hours afterwards that it even hurt to swallow advil . i used sensodyne and a flouride mouthwash to try to help , but nothing seemed to work . the taste is n't bad and i used the bleach with my own trays that i had made by my dentist , so it did n't leak out or touch my gums . my teeth were n't sensitive while i was using it or even right afterwards , but later in the day . if you have sensitive teeth , i do not recommend this product unless you are willing to go through the pain 
dvd pos 86.txt it is the declining days of the great war ( wwi ) , the germans are leaving a small french town but are leaving a little present for the advancing british troops . they have buried the munitions in the town square . when the town hall clerk strikes midnight the bomb will be exploded . the town 's people evacuate . during this the barber sends off a message to the british . the british decide to send a man to check this out . they choose the bumbling scottish private plumpick ( alan bates ) . located on the outskirts of town is an asylum . the sisters who run the asylum escape with the town 's people , leaving the inmates to fend for themselves . they return to the town , resuming their lives before being commited . plumpick arrives in town but does n't know that the towns people are actually the lunatics from the asylum . he meets the beautiful coquelicat ( genevieve bujold ) and falls in love with her . he finally puts everything together and defuses the bomb ( of course it 's more complex and hilarious than just that . ) he also finally puts together that there is something wrong with the town 's people . the funny part is he feels the lunatics have a better grasp on reality the sane people . so shall he return to the war or stay with people he loves . this is half fairy tale and half fable . alan bates gives a great performance and genevieve bujold shows great whimsy . dvd extras : none 
music neg 793.txt i bought guerolito after hearing " heaven hammer , " the remixed version of guero 's " missing . " that remix , by air , is the sort of product that makes remixes valid - it takes the passion and yearning lost in the original production of " missing " and makes it feel at home in a louder , more tempting sonic landscape . that song became astonishing where the guero song was simply alright , and the new song , " clap hands , " is at least a good time . however , it 's hard to swallow the cobbled remixes on the rest of guerolito - the beat and the original of , say , " earthquake weather , " ( here as " terromoto tempo " ) are both individually appealing enough , but together sound dismayingly like they 're from different planets and belong nowhere near each other . " e-pro " becomes a groaning mess , the lovely " farewell ride " an electronic nightmare , and both those descrptions would be apt to describe the record as a whole 
books neg 845.txt ugh. i did not even try to finish the book . it is full of sexual content . not recommended for anyone who likes clean literature 
software neg 274.txt yes , i love microsoft office . it 's incredibly user friendly , it has wonderful features , most of which i do n't even know how to use , and it 's spelling and grammar checking features are the best of it 's kind . i 've been fortunate enough to have been a student up to now in my life and therefore did not have to buy microsoft for my personal use , the school would always buy one for me . and of course there are always illegitimate means.. . but i 'm not advocating piracy here . however , i would be the last person on earth to consider using microsoft office if i had to pay $350 for it . it 's an insane price . consider the alternatives : open office : does everything ms office does , some things even better . i love how you do n't need to buy or install anything extra to type mathematical formulas in open office . the best thing about this , however , is that it 's free ! google docs and spreadsheets : this one is even better . not only is it free like everything else from google , you can collaborate in real time with anybody else on the internet to write your word documents ! nothing beats that , it 's just the most wonderful thing that google has done 
dvd pos 158.txt at first i was skeptical about buying an aging mccartney band tour dvd , even though i have every one , so i bought it . i watched it from start to finish . unbelievably superb . the lighting , the energy of the band and the crowd , suprising interviews ! ! and ole paul looked pretty good for having passed the 64 year mark ! after watching it i felt like i had been there . it is the best one i have seen yet ! if you like mccartney , this is him at his best not to mention some great songs you will be surprised to hear ! excellent buy 
software neg 840.txt i have used dos , win3.1 , win95 , win98 and now this piece of crap os . microsoft 's only interest is making money , thats why they come out with a new release of an os upon a new release of an os . each one just as buggy , insecure and unstable as the previous version . anything coming from microsoft just plain sucks . i have now switched from intercrap explorer to mozilla and from out-crash-express to thunderbird , soon i will completely switch to linux , a far better and functional os for a far better price , namely free . my next laptop will be a mac . dont waste your money , microsoft designed software is garbage by definition . and for the person saying he can understand we are not all geeks : i shouldnt have to be a frigging geek to use an o 
health pos 981.txt you could n't have picked a better person to test drive this product . i have severely dried and callused heals . from the moment i put the creme on my feet , they felt smoother . the creme stays on for hours like the product says . i ca n't believe the difference it 's made in such a short time . i 'll definitely buy this product , and i 'll be recommending it to my mom , whose feet are drier than mine are 
music neg 258.txt kate moss ? that gawddamn rollerskate song ? oh , no . the spoken tracks are equally repelling . there is really no atmosphere to this album 
dvd pos 533.txt the best cleopatra that the movies has ever produced.be it in the scenario as well as the performance of an actress in the part . so many came before and so many after elizabeth taylor however to me cleopatra will always be elizabeth taylor . a mega movie , with fantastic costumes , and acting , is a classic in historic movies.if you are history lover you should have this movie in your collection 
books neg 236.txt i know that no book can cover every topic , but this book left a lot out . it went into great detail about what i should do if i got some pretty rare diseases , but barely touched on the subject of morning sickness , which is much more common . and some of the information was just plain wrong . i trashed the book when it made me freak out in the 20th week because i could n't feel the baby move . it advised that i should call the doctor . when i did , i found out most women do n't feel it move until 21 weeks . unfortunately i found this out after i had cried my eyes out thinking something was wrong . i would not suggest this book to anyone 
health neg 137.txt ok , i 'll admit , the nail clippers rock . i have no problem using them , they are sharp , cut evenly and are the perfect width . that said , throw everything else out . the bulb syringe is useless , keep the one that you get from the hospital . get an ear thermometer , it 's a heck of a lot easier . the spoon...not even going there . the med dropper is n't easy enough to use . my suggestion ? go find a syringe with a cork attachment . you take the top off the bottle , push the cork attachment into the opening . to use , flip back the attached lid and put the med syringe into the opening , flip the bottle over and draw the med into the syringe . this is the best way to do it . 
books pos 86.txt this book is another excellant addition to the growing body of knowledge and accessible information on a health problem that plagues many americans . adrenal fatigue and its consequences and causes should become one of the most crucial topics in health maintainance . another excellent book in this vein is dr. j . wilson 's , adrenal fatigue , the 21st century stress syndrome 
software neg 487.txt i 've been using apple 's macintosh systems since 1984 and have seen some great improvements in system stability , which i consider the most important aspect of an os . first off tiger is a smooth running system ( when it is smoothly running ) , and has some of the nicest bells and whistles around . the best dog-and-pony show around . that being said , watch out ! this os is capable of completely hosing your user settings , all your software registrations , bookmarks , email settings , etc. the whole enchilada . any os that can do that at the drop of a dime is n't worth the time . since i use disk warrior , cocktail and disk utility regularly , this should never have happened . i waited until the os was at the 10.4.3 stage before upgrading from 10.3.9 - - apparently it is not yet ready - - best to wait another year before upgrading . hopefully these bugs will be fixed 
music neg 448.txt it has been nearly three months and i have yet to receive the subject michael henderson cd . amazon should not be offering this item for sale , if they do not have access to a supplier 
music neg 29.txt layla is one of the most overrated songs of all time . cream is one of the most boring bands in history . why not do yourself a favour and buy enjoyable bands like dire straits , and metallica who rock . ps.this clapton compilation has no good songs so please do n't buy it at all 
camera pos 65.txt i bought the rebel xt w / the 18-55 lens exactly 18 hours before the xti was introduced , but that 's another story . as this is my first dslr , i was blown away by the results . but after the initial euphoria , there is always room for improvement . my first choice was the 28-200 , favoring the longer zoom over the is , but i found this one used at penn camera and got a deal on it and a 380ex flash , so the decision was made for me . i like the zoom range , it 's great for framng portraits . if i need wider angle , i still have the kit lens . i wo n't make the usual complaints about the herky-jerky zoom ring or the rackety extension tubes , as i was prepared for this by these reviews before i ever saw the lens . i 'm no expert on sharpness , and still trying to get myself dialed in , but my shots so far look pretty sharp to me . i have no " l " lenses to compare to , nor would i make the comparison if i did . in my somewhat uninformed opinion , this is a great step up from the kit lens . this is a lens a working guy can afford and most likely get great results with . being a working guy , i 'm extremely happy with it so far , and glad i made the purchase . 
health pos 723.txt my mother is 87 and the shower chair makes it easier . she likes it in the tub better and i just use warm water poured over her 
dvd pos 313.txt wow . that 's the only thing i can say after reading all sorts of negative reviews . i admit , the very first time i watched the grudge with my father neither of us thought the movie was scary at all and could n't understand its success , but after watching the movie a second time two months later by myself late at night i really began to see how frightening the movie is . probably contains the same amount of fear as the original exorcist , another movie that 's really effectively well done . you have to watch the exorcist and the grudge at night to get the proper effect . the grudge benefits greatly when it comes to maintaining a moody atmosphere and a pretty interesting story . i say " pretty interesting " because the storyline is n't the best , or the easiest to understand . just interesting enough to get the job done . the grudge also benefits when it comes to not giving away too much or too little . in fact , this is probably its strongest point . every time something scary happens , you see just a " little bit " of that scary monster boy or some kind of strange shadow effect , which is *very* important if you want to effectively scare someone . if the scary boy had appeared on screen for longer than a few seconds it would n't have scared me nearly as much because i would have gotten used to seeing it . the boy appears , and then he 's gone . not giving away too much really works with this movie . you see , to really scare me you simply ca n't put a scary monster on screen for long periods of time and you have to create a moody atmosphere to make the film believable . the grudge works *extremely* well it this area . the fact that something scary happens almost always unexpectedly in the grudge allows me to give the film another compliment . i 'm telling you , the scene with the woman inside that building by herself ( well , except for a security guard ) and having to travel home to an apartment building all by herself is about 10 minutes of total bone-chilling excitement . i *loved* this scene . i was totally on the edge of my seat wondering when the woman was finally going to have something bad happen to her . the scene where the woman saw darkness coming before walking down the stairs and having to hurry up to get out of there was *awesome* , and the scene a few moments after this happened where she did see something in the shadow was another awesome display of bone-chilling brilliance . there 's a bunch of scenes like this throughout the movie . freakin ' awesome ! excellent pacing and suspense makes the grudge a true horror classic , in my opinion . i 've seen a thousand horror movies in my time and i 'd easily put the grudge right up there as one of the best . people today have drastically different opinions when it comes to what makes a movie scary . remember the good old days when everyone could agree that the exorcist was the scariest movie of all-time ? i wish everyone agreed that the grudge is a total classic , and that the ring is another excellent one . 
books pos 264.txt as with many of the " for dummies " series , controlling cholesterol is a well-executed overview of many issues relevant to cholesterol . author carol rinzler 's light and humorous discussion ranges from a concise description of what cholesterol is , to many of the different approaches to lowering cholesterol and why " target " values for cholesterol can differ in different people . there 's an especially helpful discussion on the effects of various popular diets like atkins ' , sugar busters , and protein power - - pluses and minuses of each . " ten cholesterol myths " in chapter 16 is a great discussion that can help clear up much of the murkiness surrounding cholesterol issues and can help answer many of the questions that i am asked when treating cholesterol in my patients ( in my cardiology practice ) . one criticism : like all books about cholesterol , controlling cholesterol for dummies gives the reader the impression that high cholesterol is the only way to identify risk for heart disease , as well as a means of diminishing risk of heart attack . this is patently untrue , but not really a criticism of this book as it is of the standard thinking on cholesterol . there are better ways ! nonetheless , this book does serve its intended purpose very well : educate the reader thoroughly on the conventional understanding of cholesterol . 
music pos 228.txt i was looking for some music i could play in the car or around the house with my 19-month-old son and came across this one- -the exact same " album " that i had when i was his age ! i 'm so glad they redid it ! one of my fondest memories 
music pos 744.txt this is the best album / band noones ever heard of . this is the most underrated bands ever ( including fm static . ) and they deserve some appreciation . this cd is a great rock cd and it has a bit of seemingly hip-hop bits here and there in just about every song . almost every song on this cd rocks , so buy it 
dvd neg 834.txt this is bring to your notice that the product that i have orderd has not reached me yet . i request you to do the needful . thanking you prince georg 
health neg 996.txt when i first stepped on the scale i thought i lost 10 lbs . but after reading other review i realize the scale is off up to 9 lbs . also this is a big scale . too big to store in the bathroo 
camera pos 189.txt not much to add to the other positive reviews posted , other than i am another user that loves my d50. have had it for a year now and shot over 10 , 000 photos with excellent results ( mostly landscape and wildlife ) . excellent image quality and the hand grip fits perfectly to both my hand and my husbands . the only con i can think of at this time is that there is no backlight on the top panel - this makes it difficult to adjust settings in low / no light situations . also , for people that are used to the little compact point & shoot cameras this might seem a little overwhelming at first and bulky to carry around ( which is why i have a little pocket camera for my purse ) . i also got the 18-200 lens and love it - perfect walk around lens 
software neg 524.txt card studio 2007 has repeated many cards from card studio 2006. i bought this new program to have more of a selection but was very disappointed . also is is very difficult to see the cards when they are bunched . you have to pick a card in order to read the front . very time consuming 
camera pos 46.txt my all-around favorite lens in the canon eos system is the 50 / 1.4. i find that most of the time , most of the pictures i want to take can be achieved using hte 50mm focal length , and the fast aperture allows me to take photos in low light . i bought the 24-70 / 2.8 in hopes of getting high quality images from a zoom lens , as a lot of my pictures were n't in particularly dark places , and the flexibility to get a little wider or closer sounded appealing . i was not disappointed . the image quality produced by the 24-70 / 2.8 is outstanding . great color , great sharpness . it might not make images quite as striking as canon 's 135 / 2 lens , but they are very good indeed . does this lens replace the 50 / 1.4 ? no way . the 50 is a lot smaller , weighs a lot less , and is still much better for low light shooting . but for photographing events where you do n't want to lug around several prime lenses or go to extreme lenghts to frame the shot better , the 24-70 can be a great tool 
music pos 566.txt this mos def album is a good album to listen to . he shows off his lyrical skills and gives social commentary that is on point . why listen to a bunch of guys who have " lil " in front of their names when you can listen to a man give his views on life , love , and this country we live i 
books pos 531.txt i really enjoyed this book . i could pore over the fashions , the interior decoration - it satisfied my desire to see all the details ! at the same time , i got a sense of the passage of time in virginia and vanessa 's lives . read as a companion to any of woolf 's novels , i think the book would also convey a sense of the writing process . it evokes the time and place beautifully , and the text is not intrusive : the images are allowed to take centre stage as works of art in their own right . fine choice , sweetpea 
health neg 981.txt i just bought this small fountain for my office at work thinking that the soothing sound of water would be a nice addition . however , after setting it up , i added the water and the waited and waited and waited to hear the cascading sound of water . no cascading sound . i added more water - - nothing.. . i added less water - - absolutely nothing . the design is built such that the water moves down without making any noise . it is useless from that perspective.. . plus , you can tell it is made of plastic so it is n't really that nice to look at either . i would definitely not buy this again and am contemplating getting rid of it after 1 week of use 
software pos 703.txt i just used this program to make wills and healthcare directives for my wife and me . i have the book-cd version . i recommend it over just the cd , because it is a better financial deal , and you do not have to read a pdf online or print it out . here are some of the features that i thought were worth noting : * the program divides a document into sections and shows you a list of those sections , indicating which sections you have done . you can resume the interview at the beginning of any section and make changes from that point on . * after doing one will , you can go to the file menu and save for spouse . this creates a copy of the will with the spouses names interchanged . then you can go through the interview and make any needed changes . * in the process of answering the questions , the program accumulates the names of people you mention into an editable contact list . after you mention someone once , the next time you need them you can simply select them from a list . this is handy when doing the healthcare directive , which needs to show contact information , if you have already entered that information when doing the will . it is also handy if you decide to redo portions of either document . when working on one family member 's document , you can import contacts from another 's document . * the program does not appear to provide the option to list of two or more alternate executors to serve one at a time in the order named . the only way to list two or more alternate executors is to have two or more of them serve together . this is ironic , since the program recommends having only one executor at a time . although i wanted to name my wife , children , and then siblings as alternate executors , i decided to accept just having my wife and son as executor and alternate . if all of us die in an auto accident while taking a trip together , then there is hopefully time for the probate court to name an executor . it would just be more expedient to have one already named . * i contacted customer support asking them to enhance the program to add an option to list of two or more alternate executors to serve one at a time in the order named . the response stated why they chose to omit that option ( " the editors choose to limit the number of fields for beneficiaries and executors to prevent the program from becoming to unwieldy " ) and some options ( export the document and add the language or return the program ) . i was disappointed that they did not embrace my suggestion ( i disagreed that it would make the program too unwieldy , since they already allow you to list multiple beneficiaries and executors that serve together at the same time ) , but i liked that i received a prompt response that indicated they had read my note and knew what i was talking about , and that they gave an honest , direct answer . * at the end of the interview you can review the document as it will print . you can then print it directly to a printer , or export it as plain text or rtf . exporting to rtf is handy if you need to change the document ( they advise against changing it ) or print it somewhere else . however , the rtf is not identical to printing directly . i noticed two differences . ( 1 ) pagination can be different , and as explained by the program , getting the pagination right is important for legal reasons . ( 2 ) the footer is always different : the directly printed copy says how many total pages , whereas the rtf one does not . if you cannot print directly to a printer , i recommend printing to a pdf to maintain the pagination and other features . if you do not have a way to create a pdf , get a free pdf writer ( search on that term ) . when you print the document to pdf , print it as prepress so you embed the fonts . 
software pos 441.txt h&r block 2006 works well like it always has . i 've used and liked h&r since the turbotax activation debacle , to the extent that i can like doing income tax ! what is great is the media the software comes on . install the program and then have a nice flash drive to use elsewhere . maybe flash drives will be like floppies someday , with piles of used drives in a box , but for now it 's a super handy way to store and move a few files . 256 megs makes for a big floppy but a small flash drive . no matter- -the price it right 
music neg 488.txt i guess i was expecting more of a ferrante and teicher thing with more than one piano going at a time ... could be that it is but , if so , am missing depth ... great family but disappointing albu 
music neg 55.txt bought this cd based upon the reviews and the fact that they were recommended with some other albums i like , and man , what a mistake . this cd borders on unlistenable , with no discernable melody / talent to be found . i 'm hardly some ignorant pop-music lover...i consider " blueberry boat " to be one of my favorite records - but this is just horrible 
dvd neg 243.txt i love jeff goldblum , but he did n't carry this film . the film was ruined for me the second julane moore ( yuck ! ) and the ridiculous , lame token black daughter of goldblum showed up no doubt to satisfy nauseating political correctness in hollywood all at the expense of this bust of a film . it 's obviously too much to ask for a white protagonist to actually have a white daughter . what a concept . it just added to the disbelief of the characters ( stay goldblum ) , the storyline , and the ultimate letdown of this much anticipated sequel . jurassic park iii was n't much better 
dvd neg 745.txt warning ! the blood and black lace disc has a known problem with not being able to play in a philips / magnavox 825 and various pioneer players including : dv-414 , dv-515 , and dvl-909 
camera neg 335.txt this is an alright camera . if you 're an average teen looking to post some hot pictures on myspace , or just someone looking to capture a few choice family moments , this camera should serve you fine . what i liked about it : 1. it 's compact , lightweight and easy enough to use 2. pictures taken in daylight turn out pretty nice 3. the battery life on this camera is much better than on other cameras i 've used what i disliked about it : 1. it 's a bit flimsy to be honest 2. attempting to take a picture in the afternoon , evening or early morning is near impossible without it looking completely washed out or too dark . even though it has a night landscape option , it does n't really work . 3. the flash causes a horrible delay ( but that 's been mentioned like 9 , 000 times before ) this is definitely not a camera for glamour shots . i 'd also strongly discourage buying it if you 're thinking of using it to take pictures at music events 
health neg 698.txt i cannot agree with any person who gives this over 1 star . the main problem i had with this product was that it was far too overpowering in the fragrance department . i swear , it was like bathing in gatorade . and while i 'm sure that axe was going for that whole electrolyte thing in all its glory , but the smell is far too fragrant . and if you think that it has even the slightest bit of an invigorating quality , think again . i was a lot happier with snake peel 
music neg 890.txt i am completly shocked at how high the scores for this album are on amazon . trust me , i am not someone who claims to be a music expert , but i am a big fan of jam / funk and jazz fusion . i play bass , i understand music , and umphrey 's is among my favorite bands ( others include 311 , widespread panic , deep banana blackout , red hot chili peppers , soulive , medeski martin wood ) . in general i am open to all kinds of funky music , and umphrey 's usually puts out . in my opinion , this band had the talent and unique sound to become the next generation of funk ( following the red hot chili peppers and 311 ) . with this album i was expecting them to develop their sound from anchor drops into an album that could achieve mainstream success like rhcp 's blood sex sugar magic did , while staying true to their unique roots in jazz , blues , rock and even some metal . like i said , they fuse genres like no one else can...this album , however , was a complete failure in the areas i have described above . first off , i can understand how reviewers point to the production quality , and the musical talent displayed throughout the album . umphreys mcgee is insanely talented , and no effort could hide that from the listener . however , to be blunt this album is boring as hell , has no funk or rock in it period , and is frankly somewhat depressing . if your expecting wild guitar improv , explosive beats and fun , uplifting music- -ignore this album . if you are a fan of umphrey 's live show and their past albums- -ignore this album . if you tend to be willing to overlook production quality in search of funkier , jazzier guitar rifs and bass experimentation- -do not buy this album . the only way i can summate this album is that its a typical indy type album . slow songs without enough music , little variance from song to song , depressing lyrics , and a slow pace . some say this is umphreys showing their full range , i say this is them bottling up their range in a more mainstream package that is not all that enjoyable . the only reason i wrote this review is that im amazed by the other reviews on this page . i wish i had never heard this album , it is a pathetic effort from a band as experimental and fun as umphreys mcgee . they missed a golden opportunity to come out with the next great funk compilation , this album is a step in the wrong direction . i strong advise the listener who likes to be entertained by music , rather than production quality and introspective lyrics , to steer way clear of this album . this was a massive dissappointment beyond any album release i have ever heard ( including by the way from rhcp , which is an achievement in musical creativity compared to safety in numbers ) 
health pos 202.txt these are marvelous ! ! i had gotten a different style last february for mothers , , these adventure towels are great for the dorm and college kids...i love the snap strap and the pouch . now all of my children want them , too ! ! also love the up to date colors ! 
health neg 564.txt i read the directions and followed them to a t . the pain was just too intense ( on my gums - they started to bleed ! ) . i tried to adjust the " trays " every which way , but there was no way not to get the gel on my gums . after all the time , trouble and pain , i did n't see any improvement in whiteness . i have used the older crest whitestrips , and liked them much better . 
books pos 59.txt this book clearly , easily teaches the 5 different ways we each relate to one another . it is applies very well to couples ; however , the principles also provide essential insight into relating with children , colleagues.. . anyone ! it makes an excellent group book study or a read-on-one 's own 
camera pos 534.txt i 've owned the t9 now for just about 3 weeks . i purchased it after some extensive research . of course you never really know a product until you 've had it awhile . here 's my thumb nail opinion . i like : the ultra thin metal body optical image stabilizer great photo quality high iso performance large , high rez screen auto focus assist lamp works well very fast start-up fast recovery even after flash lots of built in memory , but you need to buy the 1 or 2 gig card ok slide show feature with music i do n't like : redeye does n't work that well too few manual controls needs white balance needs long shutter speed modes chews up battery time pretty fast . already ordered a second battery . no optical viewfinder ( most ultra smalls do n't ) flimsy plastic cover over the battery will be first thing to break all in all a great little camera . takes awesome , clear pics . not for the professional photographer , but that 's not why you are considering it ( i hope ) . 
books neg 865.txt this book is total self-propogating hogwash . garbage . save your money , and your life , avoid this book like a big mac 
health pos 38.txt philips sent me a reprogram plug-in that took me only 10 minutes to change the settings to meet the new standards . most of the low price aed 's use camaera batteries . my defibrillator has a long life lithium battary . i wo n't risk someone 's life on store-bought battaries . walt blankenshi 
books neg 685.txt excellent , how to technical reference , easy to read and understand , a must have book for those interested in biodiesel , and / or waste vegetable oil 
dvd neg 110.txt this was a film i was anticipating becuase of the actors doing the voice over and the special effects . as far as animated features go this was the biggest dissappointment . the acting was good but robin williams did not receive as much screen time as ewen mcgreagor which meant it wasant as funny as it could have been . but the major problem was the story . yes , it did have a good moral but the rest of the films story was weak , boring at times and just silly . i would recommend ice age or garfiled : the movie rather than this film 
health pos 319.txt there are several listings for this item in different versions . before making a decision , check out the other versions , you will see many different reviews . overall , it seems to be as long as you use the product as intended , it works ! you can see my full review under zeno pro pink 
health neg 79.txt expensive...and after three months of daily use i ca n't say it has helped my blood pressure . i record my blood pressure every morning at the same time...after getting up from nights sleep . i use exercise equipment for 45 minutes after stretching exercises . then breakfast and 15 minutes on resperate devise . my blood pressure has n't changed significently in the last six months and i continue to take blood pressure medicine . the resperate device was used for the first six weeks just before bedtime - change in schedule has n't changed blood pressure measurments to any significant extent . i continue to use the device because of the fortune spent on it but would n't consider buying it again 
dvd neg 547.txt i do n't consider myself a hardocre 50 cent fan , but i went out and bought this after getting a preview of it in an issue of xxl . it was n't all that entertaining . the documentary does n't really tell the people anything that we do n't already know . we 've seen all these videos before , but the video for & quot ; heat&quot ; is straight wack . the street version of that video is much better and somewhat funny . the show in detroit is n't entertaining at all unless you just get a kick out of 10 people on stage chanting the words right along with 50 while making it impossible to understand a word that 's being said . the sessions @ aol are straight pointless and why did we need an 8 mile dvd trailer ? the dvd borders on corny , but the cd is n't that bad . these are all songs that most diehard fans have already heard on his underground bootlegs , but i had not been able to find the & quot ; 8 mile road ( g unit remix ) & quot ; ever since i lost my underground cd . lloyd banks kills that track and that song is now contained on this cd / dvd release . if you 're a young buck fan , you should know that he 's nowhere to be found on this release . overall , the new breed is n't completely terrible , but it loses its novelty after one or two uses . the three songs on the cd are decent , but you probably have them already . i would only reccomend this to the die hard 50 cent / g unit fans 
health pos 542.txt i bought this to try it out based on a friend 's recommendation . previously i 'd always packed a couple old ratty towels with the dog 's stuff before heading to the lake or the beach . now i only need one towel and it dries like you 'd never believe . i have a 65 pound dog that loves the water . i make him shake the water off himself ( a trick as important as sit or lay down when you have a dog this big ) then i towel him dry in less than a minute . i now own 3 of these towels and have purchased them for just about anyone i know with a dog that gets wet . we live in seattle so not only are we surrounded by lakes other bodies of water , but we have rainy winters . having one of these towels hanging behind the door with the coats was a god send this winter as well . i ca n't speak enough praise about this towel . though a $30 pricetag for a meer towel could seem daunting , believe me when i tell you this is worth it . you 'll end up buying two 
software pos 998.txt i trust the information i find from britannica and so invested in the 2007 britannica ultimate reference suite . it has something for everyone . i use it side by side with microsoft encarta and together i get a more complete subject review . i prefer the content of britannica but for ease of use encarta is still superior . i look forward to britannica making the interface and ease of use better in future productions and that is why i am only able to award 4 stars 
camera pos 760.txt this is a cool implimentation of a much needed device for those with d200s . the camera loves batteries . having two is good ! having the ability to watch one drain and knowing there 's another on standbye is a fine feeling . knowing that there are two more batteries in the case waiting is even better ! for a full day of shooting , you need this and some serious memory . highly recommended . also handles aas.. . always good in field conditions 
software neg 336.txt i 've been a loyal norton anti-virus & utilities software customer since the stone age , but like several other reviewers , i 'm deeply disappointed that norton internet security 2007 is incompatible with zonealarm pro , sunbelt counterspy , and microsoft antispyware , and even more deeply disappointed that i had to crack the shrinkwap to find that out . once upon a time , norton was the epitome of well-designed , thoughtful , customer-centric software , but they 've degenerated into outsourced hacks trading on a well-established name . i 'll be returning symantec 's software if i can , and buying zonealarm 's a / v package instead 
music pos 575.txt just loved this cd ! ! ! ! you 'll be singing or humming this to yourself for hours after you hear it . if you are 35 years old or older you 'll love it . the memories will come flooding back to you . enjoy it ! ! 
health neg 605.txt this product did not work . i was faithful for 1 month with no results 
software neg 453.txt i am by no means a computer idiot , i audit computer systems security for a living . i have had to contact customer support ( webchat ) at least 3-4 times during the first 30 days of installing the software . the install was on a brand new system ( windows xp pro ) , with all of the microsoft patches and service packs and little to nothing else installed . first pest patrol would crash numerous times a day until technical support walked me through a complex workaround to prevent an active protection error window appearing over 100 times every 10 minutes ( which you had to click to clear each one ) . second , the firewall would tell me i was not authorized to visit certain webpages until technical support walked me through a complex process of deleting certain files created by the firewall and resetting the firewall after a process involving safe mode . third , pest patrol never would run a thorough scan . i 'd receive two separate errors that either said a fatal error occurred with the pest patrol gui , or that system resources was not available . i contacted the customer support and they told me that yes , sometimes pest patrol does n't work at all unless you use msconfig to disable all startup services ( systems.ini , etc ) reboot , run pest patrol , then use msconfig to enable the startup services . it was a canned reply during a live web session , which means that the operators were probably used to giving since it likely occurs to many people . i have n't tried out the third solution yet because i wanted to remind myself to write an amazon review . if you are looking for simplicity , or do n't know much about computers , look elsewhere . otherwise you will be in for one major headache trying to implement several technically involved workarounds . i 'll give it two stars , since it did n't cause my dog to choke , explode my house , or cause irreparable damage to clothing ( which is my one-star ) . 
health neg 630.txt this is n't a bad dryer when it comes to convenience and travelling . however , the folding handle did eventually break and i had to modify it to hold it together . i have n't noticed any benefit from the ion control , mine and my wife 's hair get 's easily frizzled with this dryer , plus it takes a long time to dry in comparison to what others have claimed . the switch is definitely very difficult to use , there 's no way a person can use it with one hand . if you tried , you 'd end up dropping the thing . the fact that the off position is between the two speed settings is n't very good either because you push so hard to move the switch you simply move from high to low instead of to the off position . personally , i ca n't wait to find her a better one so i can tear this one apart for more interesting things . on the upside , after fixing the handle , it has worked without any real problems for 6 months 
health neg 528.txt seriously , i do n't know how anyone can use this thing . i have had tatoos , waxing , and dental fillings , and i would rather have any and all of those before i ever try this product again . it feels like an electric shock and continuous pulling of duct tape on your skin . just awful . in the products defense , i do n't think there is a way to make this device easy to use and leg friendly ( god forbid you try it anywhere else , ladies ! ! ) . i was able to remove the hair from about 2 inches of my leg and i gave into the pain and went back to shaving . yikes 
books neg 745.txt eliot cohen has an impressive background in policy work ( osd ) and academia ( naval war college and harvard ) . i had high hopes for this book because i thought his experience with the military combined with his academic work would produce a focused and well-grounded work . i was disappointed . i never really bought his argument that political leaders can lead war better than generals . he seemed to cherry pick leaders than fit his mold . i could not believe that someone who works so closely with the military would generalize military leadership in such a stereotypical way . the article might have made a good article in a foreign affairs journal , but the author seemed to fill out the book with a lot of interesting but not really relevant historical stories and facts . the lincoln chapter providing nothing that has not been stated numerous times in more detailed and focused work . the churchill chapter was the best . cohen obviously has extensively studied churchill . his sections on how the historical view of churchill have ebbed and flowed over the years was well done , thought not rally tied to the focus of the book . i learned the most from the ben-gurion , since i knew the least about him . the book may be useful to an undergraduate class studying political leadership or foreign policy , but beyond that the book unfortunately offers little that is new or of great interest . 
books neg 119.txt there were so many continuity errors and spelling problems in this book that i had to stop . trying to follow two-dimensional characters are difficult enough . i was just looking for a good fiction book that contained gay themes , characters or both . i got the gay but not the story 
software pos 530.txt do n't think about video capture cards , going into the operating system , or even opening the computer case - just turn on the power , plug dazzle 's usb plug into your usb port , and connect the colored cords on your vcr with the same colored plugs on dazzle , install the software , and let this wonderful tool do all of the heavy lifting . excellent quality , and they will lower the quality if you want a smaller file - like , say , if you want to back-up your vcr to a cd-r . the test for quality is time - tell it to record to 70 minutes , and your work is done . i really like the fact that the software is so stable , i recorded a six hour vcr tape using a 512 meg xp machine - not a moment 's problem . they also included software that makes editing these video files real easy , if you want . that is just icing on the cake . strong , solid , silent - the john wayne of vcr to computer file translator tools . as an aside , i have held onto some vcr tapes for years , one for more than a decade , hoping something like dazzle would come along . prayers answered . just shut up and buy it 
camera pos 320.txt after waiting months for an order to be filled and then getting screwed by customer service / returns , i decided never to buy from amazon again . go to an electronics or camera store , you 'll get better service and the fresh air will do you good 
camera neg 406.txt have had it for a few weeks and glad i brought it great procuc 
health pos 155.txt i love the this set , expecially the nail cutter , i , m still using mine after six years 
software pos 65.txt this is an all around awesome product . i have had great experiences with the program , and use it very often as we use it to create our entire high school 's yearbook . anyone one who says it does n't have the basics is pretty much lying to you , it has anything you 'll ever need and more . the people who review this product poorly do so because they do n't know how to use everything in it . the only problem i 've ever had is learing everything you can do with it , otherwise it is perfect 
books pos 756.txt we are in the last part of the 19th century in this novel , and the wild west has breathed its last . the book is peopled with real legends ( calamity jane , buffalo bill , sitting bull ) and fictional curiosities ( jim ragg and bartle bone - two mountain men , and no ears - an indian with exceptional eyesight ) . mcmurtry relates a sad , elegiac farewell to times past . the ever-interesting characters and their views of the world , which are wise and funny and fascinating , make the novel top-notch in the mcmurtry canon 
books pos 151.txt our book club read this book for our february 2006 selection . it was a really good book , we were all excited about discussing it . mr. johnson sent us discussion questions that really made us think . a few members felt that denmark never loved sierra but saw her more as property . the book definitely has some suprises that you do n't see coming . we really enjoyed the book . sistahs of ebony pages 
health pos 294.txt great help in dental hygene , gets in hard to reach spots , also a lot easier than flossin 
dvd neg 232.txt despite the talented cast this is perhaps the most ridiculous film ever.a goofy hippy copy laughs along the way trying to catch an eleven murder serial killer.this writer did moonstruck , but this is moonstink.seeing rod steiger with this material is a tragedy.the case is a joke , the characters are impossibly lame , and the dialogue would gag a collie.this film is worth seeing only to gain appreciatiation for the value of screenwriters.no amount of acting talent can lift this turkey out of the bankok privey.i just watched this film and at the conclusion i just sat there with my mouth open not believeing how bad the film was.saradon , keitel , kline , steiger , and rickman....will try and forget this dog their entire lives . i cannot imagaine how any studio or distributing company let this turkey reach the public.have i gotten the point accross that the film is weak....i hope so.if i could give it zero stars or even better , minus eleven stars , i would 
books pos 726.txt finally a book just for woman athletes ! i have had sports related injuries in the past and now i know what to do to prevent them . i thought the information was great and presented in a concise and easy to follow manner . i recommend this book to highly 
dvd neg 201.txt is anyone else having issues with these discs ? when you first place the discs in the player , it skips over the main menus . then the " menu " button will only start and stop the episode selected , but it will not return you to the main menu . there is no spanish or portuguese dubbed audio on the discs ( despite what the menus and packaging claim ) and the episodes automatically play with spanish subtitles even when the subtitles are turned " off . " the only way to avoid this is to choose " other " subtitles with the remote . this appears to be an authoring issue , as i am using a two year-old sony dream system dvd player and have not had these issues with previous seasons . i 'm exchanging my discs immediately , but i have a feeling they might all be bad . anyone else hear about these issues 
software neg 382.txt i have uninstalled systemworks 2006 and will not be going back to symantec products . i had three problems : 1. on initial install of systemworks in january 2006 , the " goback " module wiped my hard drive . this was annoying and not easy to fix . 2. i reinstalled ( and had to reregister ) without the goback module and used the software for several months satisfactorily . a few annoyances : cleanup consistently ( every night ) deleted cookies and autofills i wanted to keep , so despite my entering them as exceptions in the options table , they kept disappearing . 3. i wanted to move to a faster hard drive . after following the norton ghost directions explicitly ( and getting a " successful " message , the cloned drive would not boot up . i therefore went back to my old drive . systemworks required me to reinstall ( and reregister ) . in december , after renewing my systemworks subscription for $49.95 , i successfully cloned the disk ( using ez gig ii ) . again , the only software that did not work on boot up was systemworks . i called customer support and was told that the server would not allow me to install on more than 3 computers . i explained the circumstances but was told " there was nothing to be done , " and that i would have to buy the software again . i chose not to . i have completely uninstalled the entire program and am now enjoying faster performance from the operating system and quicker boot times from word , photoshop , etc. the protections i was getting from systemworks are being covered by avg antivirus ( shareware ) , registry mechanic ( shareware ) , spybot ( shareware ) , and diskkeeper ( $30 ) , and microsoft 's malware guard ( free ) . i have been using norton / symantec products for over 15 years . never again 
music neg 947.txt this album was released in 1999. and now , seven years later , this album does not even matter . britney spears is remembered not for her musical talent but for her inability to parent a child . great music lasts dozens of years for its complexity , innovation , creativity , and ability to transcend cultures and generations . great music stirs something inside the listener , and matters to the person who created it . britney spears and the ridiculous product that her record companies have created is none of these things . it saddens me to see the number of copies an album such as this sells originally . and yet , the great albums of all times sell thousands of copies years - decades , even - after their release . music like this , britney spears and her peers , disappears into the folds of time . it does not matter . 
music pos 604.txt sounding thing occurred when ex-springfield messina melded with loggins , and it was large ! c.s.n. &amp ; y . strove to be this good every time they released a tune . this compilation not only displays the music-crafting abilities of these two in conjunction , but also showcases their power to deliver dynamic live performances . dedicated to todd j 
camera neg 116.txt this camera is incredibly frustrating . i must admit that under ideal lighting conditions outdoors on a moderate to fully sunny day , the camera takes wonderful pictures . however , photos using indooor and mixed lighting conditions leave alot to be desired . if you want to take any indoor pictures with natural light , this is not the camera for you . the reason being is that if the flash is not activated or the lighting is not perfect , the camera slows down the shutter speed considerably . since the camera does not have very good image stabilization ( if any ) indoor pictures are blurry unless you have the hands of a surgeon . of course you can use the flash , but then your subject will be overlit , while the background is pitch dark . and forget about taking long range pictures indoors ( i.e. at a graduation ceremony or wedding ) because if the flash is on , you will get a black picture because the camera does not compensate the shutter speed for distance , it only adjusts to whether or not it thinks the flash is on . if it is off , your picture will be blurred because the shutter stays open for 1-2 seconds . since i take alot of indoor pictures , this camera is worthless to me . if you only plan to take outdoor pictures in ideal light , this is the camera for you . if you want to do any natural light photography , forget it . 
music pos 840.txt this cd provides a fantastic overview of rypdal , who has been recording for ecm for 30+ years now . the tracks range from pieces with an & quot ; electric miles&quot ; sound to an orchestrated track . while very diverse , the tracks work well together and are unified by his unique , atmospheric tone and excellent compositions . the infamous ecm sound quality is even better due to 24 bit mastering . informative liner notes as well . highly recommended 
music pos 453.txt a true musical theater classic . wonderful melodies that will last for years to come . other classics not to forget about are : mary poppins my fair lady the wizard of oz chitty chitty bang band the first charlie and the chocolate factory the sound of music oliver west side story fiddler on the roof singing in the rain the wiz little mermaid aladdin beauty and the beast grease the king and i oklahoma the music man south pacific my voice students are always asking me for recommendations so i though i 'd post it for all ! we ca n't forget about these great musicals 
dvd neg 928.txt this has got to be the absolutely the sickest bottom of the heap horror movie ever made . you have been warned 
camera neg 655.txt i have two 8 " picture frames that are other brands , and they are great and i use them for open houses all the time ! i got this one as a gift from a friend , and it is terrible ! ! the instructions are difficult to understand . the wide screen makes everyone in the picture look fat and distorted ! this is a weird size and i am not happy at all ! ! i do n't recommend it 
music pos 124.txt i love this show so much ! ! it just has so much passion and beauty and all the cast members sing so well ! ! sutton foster as jo , was cast very well , its obvious she deserved that tony nomination in 2005 , and the sisters , even though they were n't the leads , they all had such great songs , especially beth , whose song , " some things are meant to be " always brings tears to my eyes , its just so touching . i would definitely recomend this cd to anyone who loves musical theatr 
dvd neg 233.txt if you are looking for a dvd that is filled with white stripes music and interviews , look elsewhere . the item description says it has over 40 minutes of in-depth interviews , but it fails to mention that only about 10 minutes ( if that ) of this is actually with the band ( and the 10 minutes are scattered throughout the 65 minute dvd ) . it has interviews with members of various bands that have played with the white stripes in the past and others who knew them when they were just beginning . it is mildly interesting to hear about how the band got their start and other such details , but it is not something i will watch again . ( if jack & meg were telling their own story , that would be worth it ) 
health pos 84.txt yes , the kit is easy to use , but if you do n't bleed freely , get a few extra lancets before you start . most pharmacists will give you one or two lancets for free . the kit only comes with two ( which can be used only one time ) . it took me 6 jabs to get enough blood for the test ; i had to run out to the corner pharmacy to get more lancets ( because i 'm too much of a whimp to find a household bloodletting tool ) . other than that - no complaints . the lab got the results back to me faster than expected 
health pos 101.txt i eat one of these twice a week before i play ice hockey . i specifically buy this flavor because it contains caffeine , though i do n't perceive any " boost " . it could be there and i 'm just not noticing it . i feel they do the job of keeping me fueled for the workout . it would be nice if the package made a specific recommendation about how long before a workout to eat the clif bar . i find the size of a clif bar a bit disappointing , especially considering the " store " price of $1.50. at $11 a case and with free shipping when spending $25 or more , i 've not found a better price than amazon 's on clif bars 
software neg 412.txt we were big fans of taxcut , especially after turbo added spyware ..... this year 's tax cut has irreguarities that are costing ( $$ ) me ......... for example , you file your college student 's return and check the box that she / he will be an exemption on the head-of-household return & then comes the surprise , head-of-household ca n't file their return with that college student as an exemption , despite checking the proper boxes ! ....... for example , it ca n't caluculate railroad retirement benefits ..... for example , it tells you that your return is a-okay , you pay $15 , then it tells you afterward that of the glitches and wants another $15 to refile ! ........ good-bye tax cut ! 
software pos 985.txt i started off using turbotax this year , but returned it to the store to use taxcut instead . i purchased this version because it was a bargain , and it 's easy enough to do state taxes by hand ( or for free on the state website for those states that have that option ) . i did have some difficulty with the update process , which was frustrating at first . however , i found taxcut 's website to be helpful on this point , and i determined that my firewall was the problem . i was able to update the product once i followed their instructions . one key difference between turbotax and taxcut was that taxcut is not integrated with as many companies . whereas i could automatically download my w-2 and most of my 1099 forms into turbotax , they needed to be manually entered with taxcut . this was n't a huge issue , but one difference people might want to know . i completed and e-filed multiple federal returns , which worked great , and the e-file charge was reasonable ( $15.95 ) . however , i do n't suggest having the e-file charge taken out of your refund . apparently , there 's an extra charge ( i think $25 ) for this service . it 's more efficient and less expensive to just pay the fee with a credit card . now to the software itself . i found it easy to navigate and enter information . i was a bit disappointed in the deduction section . many of the fields were too short for me to enter complete names and addresses of charities , which i found frustrating . however , the calculations were accurate . i checked taxcut 's calculations regarding amt , and they were excellent ( turbotax 's calculations were wrong ) . in the second return i completed , the taxpayer was eligible for eic , and taxcut accurately identified this and did the proper calculations here as well . overall , i was very satisfied with the product , and will use it again next year . i will make suggestions to taxcut , and hope they will improve their support for automatic download of forms and longer fields for charitable deductions . however , even without these changes , the product is an exceptional value 
software neg 562.txt i have been a loyal fan of quicken for many years . my , things have changed for the worst at the once mighty intuit . it pains me to report that quicken deluxe 2007 is a work in progress . 1. the installation cd was unreadable . to intuit 's credit , i was given access to their download site for replacement software . 2. the reconciliation report ( needed for balancing your checkbook ) will not display or print for some reason . all other reports display and print just fine . unfortunately , the reconciliation report is the only one i am truely interested in printing . i am using a brother hl-5280dw laser printer . the printer works fine with all other programs , including the old version of quicken . again , the most important report ( reconciliation ) will not print on quicken deluxe 2007. 3. the software would not recognize the c-drive as a working drive even though the program is running on that drive ( ? ) - go figure . 4. the overseas tech support is willing to play dumb and pretend they do n't know there is a problem with the software , keeping you in the chat room for hours . i guess as long as they get paid it does n't matter whether they help or not . the ultimate recommendation is to reload the software - just one more time . as a past happy user of quicken 2004 , i was forced into this upgrade . do n't expect the problems to be resolved quickly . intuit has been aware of most of these problems for over 6 months . i hate to be the bearer of bad news , but this version of quicken is just that bad news 
software neg 276.txt font manager is not user friendly . there is no logical indexing or grouping of fonts . user is forced to hunt and peck 
books pos 118.txt i think halo 2 is more challenging , and its espesialy fun when you invite some buddys to play multyplayer even just 1 on 1 if you get it i would also wait for the multyplayer map pack wich will give you 9 new levels my final word is i hope you enjoy it as much as i did 
health pos 682.txt i bought this bag for my husband as a surprise ( as i had bought another brand , and he did not like the asian floral print ) . it 's very roomy , looks great , fits ergonomically . i really love the pocket design and the space that they have , as well as the interior design . fits things better than my own bag ! my husband loves it and ca n't wait to use it ! plus that , this is the best price i 've seen online , and of course , amazon ships quickly and accurately 
music neg 608.txt i received a cd , the tango cd ( the best tango album in the world ever ) was defectuous , since it plays alright until the 12th song , but then the songs starts giving weird tones . and the 2nd cd acts the same way , since my tango album is a double cd.the problem is not from the radio , since my other purchase from amazon is in good shape , as al my other cds . the music always stops playing right at the same time of the cd , the 12 th song , so its pretty much a cd problem . i dunno whats the refund policy , or customer service number , its so bad , cos this tango cd is great . i enjoyed it much , until........ . th 
software pos 461.txt i 'm satisfied with the product . i seem to be getting the protection on my pc ; for the cost of product you ca n't go wrong 
camera neg 68.txt when i opened the package , i found the filter box seals ( one at each side ) were broken , an indication that it was not new . i thought it 's ok as long as the glass is clean and clear . when i opened the filter box , three pieces , the ring , the glass and the circular clamp , jumped out . while it 's bad sign , i still thought it 's ok as long as i could put them together . well , the glass was not clear , as if it was sanded in the middle with a fine sand paper ( i never saw any filter or lens in that shape before ! ) . before to ship it back , i did try to put three pieces togather ( so next person will not see these pieces jump out when open the box ) . guess what , the circular clamp was about 2-3mm longer and two ends could n't meet ! ! ! i could n't image any scenario under which this could happen , since it was from amazon , not from some unknowns of ebay ( actually , any ebayer will have to worry about the feedback ) . i was really shocked that amazon shipped that garbage to its customer ! hope this is just a random incident and amazon does have a very easy return practice . otherwise , i would not buy anything from amazon 
music neg 556.txt i just purchased my sacd player and picked up boston and billy joel 's the stranger at the same time . after listening to the stranger , my mouth dropped . billy 's voice coming from the center speaker and all the other instruments and melodies coming from every different direction . then i put in boston and could n't tell a difference from the cd version i already own . i think it 's one of the best albums , but if you already own it on cd , do n't bother upgrading - there 's nothing special about the sacd version 
software pos 75.txt i had a very old version of hallmark studio , do n't even remember how old . wanted to update . i installed the program and was absolutely amazed and very happy with this product and features . lots of cards to choose from , very very pretty colors . the event planner is great too ! the only thing i would change is the ability change font in the planner , and move written info by tabbing . otherwise it 's a wonderful program . highly recommended ! ! satisfie 
health neg 885.txt i 'm sorry that i ordered these online . i should have tried them first . they do not fit round heads . no matter how many times you adjust them they do not fit . the bow needs to have an adjustment too . the magnet is not that strong when put on a round head they just pop off . would not buy another pair . 
health pos 922.txt i thought this was convenient and easy to use . seemed to give a pretty accurate reading . 
books neg 84.txt just awful save your money , this book is not worth it . the pictures are dull and lifeless , boring composition . mann has n't captured anything here but a bunch of worthless photos . any 10th rate amateur photographer could have done better . 
health pos 782.txt i was hesitant to spend this much money on a shaver but i am so glad i did . this one gives me a really good shave . i have had it for one month and have not used a hand razor since . another review says the cleaning process is a bit loud , which it is but since you turn it on and leave it , i just close the bathroom door so the noise is not a problem . 
books neg 659.txt this dictionary is just another long-winded , pretentious , unreadable , high-brow attempt to legitimize anthropology . the authors of each definition are more concerned with impressing their peers than giving the average person clear insight to cultural anthropology . if you are struggling through a cultural anthropology class , and are looking for a dictionary with clear definitions , forget this book 
software pos 372.txt excellent for the novice . i callibrated three monitors with the spider . prior to calibration the images were completely different from each other - after i was amazed how close the images were to each other . the process is so simple that even a cave man could do it . 
dvd pos 554.txt new york city the two disc set special edition should be added to your collection , this movie rule
health pos 258.txt i purchased this for my husband as a gift without ever having smelled it . i based my purchase on other reviews , and the fact that i have the burberry classic for women and love it . i crossed my fingers and hoped that the reviews were right . well , they were ! when this came in i could not resist ; i had to open the box . i pulled the outer wrapping back , carefully pulled the box out ( i was able to replace all this without hubby knowing ) , sprayed some into the air , and ahhhh , wonderful ! i loved it ! it smells wonderful on my husband , too . it 's kind of woodsy , but not overpowering at all . it 's a classic , warm fragrance , and it lasts a long time . i will definitely buy this again 
dvd neg 776.txt so what kind of movie is this from the director of " i know what you did last summer ? " it 's basically another installment of the same genre with a similar set-up and similar function . deep down , venom is just another teen slasher movie . they rode into this film with the same clichd scares , a young group of teens , a psycho killer , and a traditional ending . so is it worth seeing ? that i ca n't completely answer for you . if you like more of the same old , then it 's probably going to be a blast . the filmmakers were smart enough to throw in a few thrilling moments among the mundane , overused plot . i found some parts to be slightly unpredictable , and they did a good job detailing some suspenseful moments near the third act of the film . the voodoo element allowed for some additional surprises and kept the killer from being simply " an unstoppable evil force . " but individually , do the separate factors of this film combine to make a masterpiece ? quite frankly , in my opinion at least....no . let 's take a look at some of them ; acting - well done , well directed too i might add . the acting is realistic to a degree , and brings us into the film . the actors responded ( for the most part ) realistically to the story line and i think that this was set-up nicely . the major issue here was the persistence in finding a gun when the killer is already dead , not to mention a demon child of voodoo hoodoo . lighting - dim , dark and mysterious ; the lighting definitely amplified the mood of this film . combined with the swamp-like location , i think that it sets a perfect example of what a good location combined with good lighting can do - make a relatively unattractive plot look beautiful . special effects - they set this up pretty well . a few scenes made me cringe and i felt that the artists working on the film definitely put their hearts into it...or bled them out for it . the gore was n't excessive , but just right for a slasher film , and props to the director for making that call . my only qualm with this is that they used the standard halloween " stage blood " which is just basically a thick bright red liquid that looks nothing like blood despite its color . a few of the actors squirm around in it , only to look like they 're rolling around in pizza sauce . there are a few other tacky special effects , including the last major one in the film . the killer - mr. jangles... . ? enough said...sounds like a dog . i 'll give the killer credit for being a good actor , but the portrayal needed a lot of work . the make-up kicked it up a notch , but the slow-motion style jumps and action-movie style stunts did n't do it justice . the man looked like an athlete and moved like one...not like a reincarnated being housing the souls of 13 evil spirits . although i do n't specifically know what that looks like....i 'm sure they do n't run like football players . so what overall ? it 's ok . not something i 'd be dying to see , and i 'm glad that i did n't run to the theatre to catch the first showing . it has some good moments and some bad , but does n't really stand out from any normal hollywood production . my recommendation ? it 's ok . i 'd rather go rent containment instead ; the first movie in a long time to completely blow my mind . it 's good to know that there is still some talent out there somewhere and that it still filters into the film world now and again.. . 
health neg 184.txt i am in my early 30 's and never had a problem with acne until my mid 20's . i had been using proactiv for quite some time ( 5 years or so ) and it worked pretty well . i say pretty well since it did clear my face some , but my face has not been totally clear in a long time . along comes acnefree which is " better " than proactiv since you can buy it locally and it contains more of the active ingredient- -cool , i am sick of ordering it online and it is cheaper ! well , i guess you get what you pay for- -i do n't consider myself to have particularly sensitive skin , but i used acnefree one time in the morning . so far so good- -until 2 am the next morning when i broke out in hives all over my entire body . so no more acnefree for me , just wanted to give my experience for anyone who might be in the same situation 
music neg 903.txt i heard from a number of people that amon amarth were an excellent death metal band , so with that in mind , i though i 'd try osftgh . what i hear , and it certainly seems i 'm missing out on something , is sloppy musicianship and poor songwriting . just because you have mead dripping from your beard , and you scream out lyrics that contain , no mercy , vengeance and " it 's your time to die " does not mean you can create " authentic " viking / metal . these idiots could definitely take lessons from : enslaved , manegarm , falkenbach to name a few . do n't fall for the hype ! 
dvd neg 957.txt jackie is only in a brief clip in the beginning , stolen from the real drunken master . this clip is entirely unrelated to the movie , and is very short . buy this if you want , but not because you think it has jackie in it 
software pos 103.txt i have had nothing short of an excellent experience with this product . i have created numerous videos of my children 's escapades and sporting events . i do have one warning however . provide the grandparents with a box of tissues because they never fail to cry when they see their little angels parading across the widescreen . the software is extremely intuitive and easy to use . my wildest expectations were exceeded . 
music neg 85.txt i used to like good charlotte , enough that i bought this cd , but i really do n't like them at all anymore . they try to look all punk , but they are pop . they whine a lot . i think it 's time to get over the fact that their dad left and they were uncool . they should at least stop doing songs about it . they have some ok melodies and words , but for the most part all their songs sound the same . good charlottes first two cd 's were almost good , but this one is bad and really whiny 
music neg 251.txt am i the only ones who actually liked nelly 's first album , i thought it had charm , style , grandier to me and kind of scale and kind of importance , you thought it mean something , but this is just a lame gimmick from the start , i mean there are some moments and some good songs ( including the sexy and very funny music video hot in herre with cedric the entertainer ) , but the rest are just horrible , there is nothing else about this album that i can engage with nor cared about and who cares ? country grammer was funny and good , this one 's an utter disaster . one of the worst albums of the decade . 
music neg 315.txt " what 's up " , the catchy song with the acousitc guitar out of tune ( which , i always thought , would have been the perfect song for heart ) , is the only thing good here . the rest of this album is a mess . linda perry has , of course , gone on to better things 
dvd pos 291.txt there are n't many films from any era that come close to being " perfect " ( though that 's not really the right word ) in just about every way- -probably you could count them on your fingers and have some left over . " friendly persuasion " is one of those films- -in spades . directed by william wyler and starring gary cooper , dorothy mcguire , and tony perkins , it is a wonderful , human story about a loving family of quakers ( also known as friends ) living in one of the union-confederate " border " states at the time of the civil war in the 1860s . the cast , in small roles and large , is uniformly excellent , none calling attention to themselves but rather becoming their characters and making us understand them . led by beloved , legendary star gary cooper in a great performance as the head of the quaker family jess birdwell , they are marvelous , including child actor richard eyer as feisty " little jess " , scrapping with his big sister or partaking in a running feud with " samantha " , his mother eliza birdwell 's pet goose , who more than carries her end of the feud with scene-stealing craftiness . there are incidents of family humor and love and occasional disagreements , and a hilarious episode in which eldest son josh ( perkins ) accompanies father jess on a sales trip and is set upon by the scrappy , amorous daughters of one of jess 's customers ( marjorie main ) . we are settled into a lovely , lively exploration of the birdwell family 's idyllic existence . then the war intrudes . josh feels he must volunteer to fight as long as others have to , even though it is against the teachings of his faith . his younger sister loves a young union officer who is soon to go into battle . rebel troops are nearing the region where they live , and no one , including the audience , quite knows what will happen . there is a beautifully honest and dramatic sequence in which young josh gets his first taste of battle , which perkins performs with heartbreaking realism . i recall my father , a world war ii veteran , saying that this scene was the most realistic depiction of a young man 's first time in battle that he had ever seen in the movies . when it is all over and the birdwells return to their quiet , hard-working , loving life as a family , the music ( dimitri tiomkin 's marvelous score ) swells , the wonderful lyrics to the song " friendly persuasion " are sung sweetly by the young pat boone , and you realize you have spent two wonderful hours with these genuinely fine , completely human characters in ordinary life and in challenging times . the story has been told with integrity , honesty , humanity , gentle humor , kind restraint and , yes , love- -all of these also attributes of the birdwell family that we have come to know . that is the " genius " of this film . along with a very few others , it shows us who we are , who we can be , and how we can live , all with a grace and humility that is almost poetic . and the film never , ever loses its balance . it 's just a great and good movie . i 've seen it almost a dozen times , and it can still move me to tears . i 'm betting it could be released today , amid the ridiculously over-budgeted , badly executed films that rely too much on computer effects and star charisma , and that it would clean up at the box office . the term " family values " has been kicked around a lot lately , and nobody quite seems to know what is really meant by it . watch this truly beautiful film and you 'll get a pretty good idea of the genuine meaning of those words . 
books neg 619.txt you get a view into 60 's white america . the only people of color in this book are a policeman , and a caricature . i do n't have a problem with other seuss books where they are set in fantasy land and the whole world is make believe . this is set in everyday life , and i think its best left on the bookshelf , it has nothing to offer my child who has and who lives in a world where folks have brown eyes and black hair , not to mention various shades of skin colour . the rhyming is also not entertaining enough to enjoy and makeup for this one-dimensional & quot ; white&quot ; depiction of the world 
books pos 231.txt if you are familiar with the work of strobel , this book will continue to impress you . if you are not however , and would like to know where the author is coming from , i encourage you to read his previous works , " the case for christ " and " the case for faith " so that you might better understand strobel . some people have condemned this book because strobel does n't present the evolutionary side well . i have a few quick observations to make . first of all , he 's a journalist ; he asks tough questions and , for the most part , gets good responses . second , everyone has an agenda , without exception . strobel , and those who he interviews , analyze and break down the views of prominent evolutionists and modern darwinian scientific views . finally , it is clear from the outset that strobel wants to make a compelling case for id . this is not an unreasonable goal . the fact that he does n't interview evolutionists should n't bother anyone , based on his obvious objectives . if you want a book that allows evolutionists and designers to write you want to look into a point-counter point series book . if you want to understand the current id debate and would like to get a real good look at some of the cosmological evidence for a creator , this book is for you 
dvd pos 596.txt i really , really like this piece of film.rated pg-13 for stylized action violence.good for anyon 
dvd pos 364.txt i have owned a copy of this film for a long time . i have probably watched it ten times , and i always tear up a little at each viewing . from the beginning newsreel , of a shell-shocked diane feinstein announcing the less than hour old murders of harvey milk and mayor george moscone , to the final reel of harvey milk 's prophetic and haunting statements , the viewer is mesmerized . though harvey milk was a san francisco city supervisor , his election in the 1970 's , that of an open and unrepentant gay man , made national headlines . he was a ray of hope to gay people everywhere , who at that time were unrepresented and , for the most part , still forced into the closet . this film not only gives insight into the philosiphy of harvey milk , but is a rare document into that not so long ago but seemingly ancient time . milk was a very eloquent speaker , and his sensibility , logic , and unapologetic viewpoint more often than not made mincemeat of any verbal opponent . this is best displayed in the footage of his debate with then california senator briggs , a buffoon like character , who not only was a terrible speaker , who could n't even clearly express his arguably irrational fears , but who in fact seemed much prissier than his nemesis milk . the public view at that time was about family values , with the anita bryants condeming homosexuals to hell for their decadent ways ( old times come round again... . ) . milk 's voice opposed this view openly , and he seemed to predict his early demise at the hands of an assassin who was against what he represented . the notion of this martyrdom , and its romantic though fateful attraction to milk , has been argued . nevertheless , his bravery in representing the unrepresented cannot be argued , and the sordid details of his love affairs and personal life should not diminish his message , nor the admiration he deserves . this film unfolds as it happened , seeming like fiction , but all too real . as milk is assassinated , along with the mayor , by the homophobic and disgruntled resigned supervisor dan white , whose subsequent trial , with the famous " twinkie defense " , and his being sentenced to an appalling five years for the murders , resulted in riots the likes of which the city had never seen . as one of those interviewed here expresses with sad resignation , ... if only the mayor had been killed , white would have gotten life , but the fact that milk , a gay man , had also been killed , leaned public sympathy towards white , an absurd but all too realistic conclusion.there are many moving , telling , historically signifigant moments in this film , but none so clearly represents those times , and milk 's loss and legacy , as the film of the nighttime march in san francisco right after the murders . seas of people , holding candles and standing silently , came together in a very moving moment in time . this film , which won best documentary at that years oscars , transcends its subject matter , and is simply a great documentary . gay rights have made much progress . and perhaps time has diminished their names and these memories to most all , excluding those who were there , are old enough to remember , or are gay . nonetheless , harvey milk is a representive and icon of the early gay rights movement , and his legacy , through schools named after him , organizations , and his place in history as a voice for the all too often voiceless , lives on . 
dvd pos 463.txt we are halfway through the friends series...5 down , 5 to go ! the 5th season of friends is the season where : *monica and chandler start their relationship *ross gets married...again to rachel out of being very very drunk ! *they pass the 100th episode whenever i watch season five all i can really say is that it is easily watchable and is quite good , but it isnt my favourite season . for some reason i notice the episodes are kind of all over the place and its not like it used to be . dont get me wrong i still love the show and this season is good , but this one is n't vital . i personally only bought this season for that episode where monica has a turkey on her head with the big glasses and hat and then dances ! i know ! stupid ! lol but its classic ! this season box set isnt desperately needed in your collection , unless you want to see monica and chandler start their relationship and hide it with joey covering for them constantly ( the one with ross 's sandwich is great when joey covers for monica and chandler ! ) the top 5 episodes are very easy to pick for this particular season . my personal top 5 episodes are : the one with all the kissing the one hundredth ( has to be here ! the 100th ! ) the one with the thanksgiving flashbacks the one where everybody finds out ( best here ! ! ! ! ) the one where rachel smokes i didnt care much for the season finale , i mean , identical hand twin ? ? not very funny . very time wasting ! . the only really good thing in the final is the very last scene ! ! ! overall , not a stellar season , not as good as season 3 or 4 but definitley up there somewhere . not desperatley needed in your collection , if only collecting a few . contains some very good episodes . the one where everybody finds out is a highlight ! check that out 
books neg 919.txt i ordered the book from them on nov1. on nov 15 i called and they told me they did n't have it . the money was returned by amazon 
dvd neg 119.txt this movie has a good plot , great acting , and potrays a very convincing relationship between a hardened young man and a girl whose combonation of strength and purity touches his heart and redirects the course of his life . i did like that they seemed to really know and understand each other , but was dissapointed in the sexual inuendos , the profanity , the undermining of parental authority , and the lack of closure concerning landon 's journey to faith . it is evedent that this movie is directed to a less-than-mature-audience . i saw more bad in it than good , which is sad since it could have been such an outstanding movie 
dvd pos 603.txt these films used to be on tv all the time . i was amazed at how clever the plots were . i did n't remember some of them . " weird woman " is my favorite " b-film " and i 'm always recommending it to people . movies used to be so entertaining ! it 's great to have this collection available to film fans . we can overlook chaney 's stiffness , as the rest of the cast really compensates for it 
software pos 817.txt isbn-1581700296 black leather non-indexed kjv this is a beautiful bible . every verse is colored and each color stands for something such as love , family , faith , salvation , etc. it also has the center column reference , a one year bible reading schedule , a daily verse lisiting with , of course , 365 verses , one for each day of the year , various maps and pictures , outlines of each book , and a list of 100 popular bible verses , 50 from the old testament and 50 from the new . there is also a section in the front of the book that explains the color system and gives examples as well . it is also available in niv as well as kjv . i 'd highly suggest this bible to anyone , but shop around . the one i bought listed at amazon for $77.99 but i bought it at a local bookstore for $39.99 plus tax . same book , same isbn exactly . 
camera pos 76.txt if you do n't need the speed or ca n't afford the expensive 85mm f1.4 nikkor lens or both , then this lens may be the right one for you . it took nikon a while to produce a superb compact 85mm lens , but this time they finally got it right . without a doubt , this is a fine portrait lens for photographing head-and-shoulder portraits ( the only lens which is optically better is nikon 's legendary 105mm f2.5 nikkor lens , and its close optical twin , the 105mm f2.8 micro nikkor . ) . since the 105mm f2.5 nikkor lens does n't have an autofocus version , then this might be the perfect moderate telephoto lens for owners of nikon autofocus slr cameras . regardless , this lens has a well-earned reputation for excellent contrast and resolution 
software pos 410.txt i 've been using streets & trips for years . i 'm a real estate broker and use it every day . great product . not as up-to-date as yahoo maps but easier and faster to use , particularly the route planner , gps , live local links , etc 
dvd neg 735.txt terrible follow up to the first movie . this movie does not hold a candle to the first classic movie staring john travolta and olivia newton john . the acting is bad , and it is not worth the money . it belongs where most grease belongs ... in a bucket under the sink . 
dvd neg 609.txt five stars for the movie one star for this dvd because it is missing the key scene when clara talks to her parents in their bedroom after marty drops her off . the dvd cuts from clara putting her key in the door to marty walking to the bus stop . why the scene is cut i have n't a clue 
camera pos 604.txt me encuentro muy conforme con el producto , es de excelente calidad y muy buen precio . amazon es para mi el mejor sitio para la compra de cualquier producto 
music neg 834.txt usually jerry 's scores for movies are priceless , ( i.e. the other score for & quot ; legend&quot ; ) but rudy is a little bit too unoriginal and the feelings meant to be expressed seem much too&quot ; forced&quot ; for my taste.it 's ok as a weird sort of comedy album , i suppose , but from the main theme i was laughing because it 's meant to be such a serious experience-but is n't ! i think that only the biggest goldsmith efficianado could find joy in this cd . ( . 
health neg 561.txt at first , this seems like a pretty good drink shaker . the body and lid are fairly sturdy . however , there 's a separate rubber seal that sits inside the lid.. . and if that pops out , which it 's prone to do with mine , you 're left with a leaky ( and therefore useless ) shaker . the seal can be replaced with a bit of effort , but who wants to wrestle with a plastic bottle 
books pos 591.txt i love these type of memoirs . a person who is not boasting about their skill or having an attitude . simply shares the love of his work and love of his county . all of james herriot 's books are wonderfull . i was introduced to the children 's books a few years ago and just recently started reading his memoirs . love it , some parts were a bit dry but the books still flowed well and drew you back . love the depth of scenery and anicdotes about the area . recommend any book of his 
music neg 953.txt this is as bad as the film.in fact just like the film the soundtrack is the same old formula.will&amp ; his movies&amp ; music never change the same old beat.the rest of the soundtrack is just as bad.unoriginal&amp ; boring.what a waste of kool moe dee 
camera pos 143.txt for its time and price ( at the time ) , a fantastic camera . 6.3 mp is more than sufficient for most amateur and semi-pro ( non-studio ) work , and this camera works very well with what really matters : canon 's fantastic lenses . battery life on this camera is very good . the " shutter lag " ( between when you depress the button and when the camera actually takes a photo ) is fairly well non-existent , and the only real lag i have is when i am shooting multiple photos in raw format . as most photographers know , the lens is almost more important than the body , and outside of leica lenses , i do n't think anything really competes with canon 's line . the 18-55 lens that comes with this camera is sufficient for casual work...i used it at the beach , and on hikes with my dog , when i do n't want to lug around my bigger , more expensive , higher-quality lenses . but for $75 or so , you can have a 50mm 1.8 eos lens , which will supplement the 18-55 nicely , particularly for night photography . my one complaint about this camera is its ability to meter light adequately in dark settings . when i shoot raw this is n't such a big problem , because i can fix it in photoshop , but most everything i shoot inside , unless i manually mess with the white balance every time , has an orange tint that is interesting for the first 200 shots , and then is annoying after . i think the more advanced eos models that have come out since 2004 or so fix this color problem , and also help a bit with the lag between the raw shots...but for the money , this camera is excellent , and far , far superior to , for example , olympus ' digital exquivalent ( for a similar price ) . the difference , as far as i 'm concerned , is in the absolute advantage canon has in lens quality . you can use a high-end consumer body like this one , use a professional piece of canon glass ( lens ) and take excellent photos . i would n't invest in a system that does n't also boast excellent lens quality 
dvd neg 605.txt equilibrium is a curate 's egg - its best parts are not good throughout , and its worst aspects make erratic appearances . the acting is really the least of its problems ; the cardinal failure was a script that could not decide what kind of movie it wanted to be when it grew up . equilibrium , however poorly , aspires to be a dystopian film , and there exists a dystopian formula at work in fiction and film alike . such a formula was employed magnificently in michael radford 's adaptation of george orwell 's 1984. contrarily , films imperil themselves in discarding the formula as evidenced by alfonso cuaron 's junky adaptation of p.d. james ' the children of men . there are essentially three parts to this formula . first , there must be a depiction of a believable society , and plausible justifications for its existence . the author or script writer must paint vividly , yet remain nuanced , since at this stage his purpose is to show the reader or viewer , without yet telling him the philosophy underlying it . second , two-thirds of the way through there must be a conversation between protagonist and antagonist , which formally unveils the ethical dilemma . here , the protagonist offers his alternative , usually an acknowledgement of the humane . third , the dystopian resolution lies in the protagonist 's choice : he must surrender to the system , rebel against it , or be conquered by it . the ending , if it is not tragic in the classical sense , must be ambiguous ; if it is ended happily , it is no longer a matter for the reader or viewers ' thoughts : the problem has been resolved , and he may retire from it and become forgetful of it . libria , the society depicted in equilibrium , is a post-apocalyptic society wherein feeling has been criminalized under the pretext that human feelings , and the actions carried out on their behalf , represent the fons et origio of man 's inhumanity to man . the objective of outlawing sentiments is the preservation of peace . is this believable ? ultimately , it is not because the viewer is given no other reason for this society to exist , no justification for its brutality except that it is by this method alone that peace may be preserved . however , a desire for peace is predicated on an aversion to war , and aversion is something we principally feel . a more believable premise would have been the prohibition of certain feelings , but it is also unbelievable because it is inconsistent . the protagonist ( john preston , a member of the grammaton cleric , an elite government agency for enforcing laws against so-called ` sense-crimes ' ) marries , begets children , hesitates in killing his partner - what point would there be in any of this in a society that had eliminated feeling ? and , if we are being generous , and suppose that this was done intentionally so as to say , " you can never entirely eliminate feeling , " it fails still ; because if the denizens of libria were n't completely devoid of feeling , they could n't be as cowed as they are depicted . instead , countless times throughout the film characters make comments , statements , enquiries that can only have as their possible source or response an emotion . to have had characters who were truly apathetic , or for whom the fictitious drug prozium was effective , they would have had more in common with star trek 's borg . the backdrop for this dystopia , then , lacks subtlety or nuance . from the first fifteen seconds of film , the viewer ethically objects - it remains tediously manichean throughout . the viewer is given a straw man and immediately begins tearing it down and the only suspense is literally in waiting for what we know will happen . in brave new world , it is mustapha mond 's conversation with john the savage . in 1984 , it is o'brien 's talk with winston smith . in the children of men , it is a debate between theo and the xan . in equilibrium , the formal unveiling of the ethical dilemma happens in a haphazard way throughout , culminating in a fight scene that lacks the awe inspired by the matrix three years before . here was the moment for the " talky " bit of the film , the sophisticated counter-punch , the moral awakening , the vindication of the human ; instead , the viewer is given another low-brow , hollywood denouement . john preston does nothing to justify his alternative to the totalitarian status quo - there is no bit of dialogue with father where lines are spoken which conveys the notion that " feelings are essential to thought , " or that " peace has been obtained at a terrible price . " all the loose ends , littered liberally throughout the film , are never addressed : why have art in libria ? why does father intonate , and raise the pitch of his voice to manipulate the masses in a scene reminiscent of a leni riefenstahl propaganda film ? a better film would have acknowledged these scenes , and defended their inclusion in a climatic dialogue between john preston and father ( or dupont as it turns out ) . the conclusion of equilibrium can be summarized as follows : " good guy kills bad guys , sixty-second revolution ensues , people can feel again , hero smiles , time to go to bed . " there was n't ever a genuine ethical dilemma anyway : what was wrong was obviously wrong , and what was right was intuitively right . the viewer never believed the reasons libria came to be , or at least they never found them plausible in the way they found huxley 's , orwell 's , james ' , zamyatin 's , or koestler 's explanations . in equilibrium it was all simply the soft groundwork prepared for the banal , unoriginal action movie to follow . the plot , then , was in some respects as shallow as the tendentious storylines in soft-core porn films : they need n't be sensical because no one is interested in the story , but rather for the titillation , arousal , and amusement . many viewers of equilibrium are fans of flashy action sequences ( a majority of whom were not disappointed as their reviews attest ) ; but for those seeking a fuller cinematic experience , equilibrium is an unfortunate disappointment . during the film a woman asks preston , " why are you alive ? " preston responds with the bureaucratically sterile answer , " i 'm alive to safeguard the continuity of this great society . to serve libria . " " it 's circular . you exist to continue your existence . what 's the point ? " she asks . and , what 's the point is exactly the point about this film . 
health neg 951.txt i bought this for my husband and son and was not even able to give one hair cut . it pulled the hair , and did n't cut well . my husband kept complaining that it hurt and was pulling . since i could n't finish , i had to use our old clippers to get the job done . this was so disappointing , but i guess you get what you pay for . 
camera neg 202.txt gosh , i would really like to review this adapter , but- - - amazon has put my order on indefinate hold , as thier supplier is unable to get any more . but wait ! what 's that blurb on the product page - " availability : ususally ships within 24 hours " and " want it delivered tomorrow ? order it in the next 5 hours and 36 minutes , and choose one-day shipping at checkout . see details . " so they ca n't deliver it , yet they still list it as available for delivery tomorrow ? do n't order from amazon 
software neg 697.txt this game can get very boring . it 's very confusing and hard to control . it is sooooo frustrating ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! the instruction booklet does n't come in handy either . like some other people , i only got rabbits too . i bought this game because i wanted to heal cats and horses . but , only rabbits came . buying this game was a big mistake . it is reallly no fun . do n't waste your money on this game . i gave up about a month ago . i 've left it on the shelf and have n't touched it since . 
health neg 349.txt the description for this cartridge says that it " provides continuous protection against mold and bacteria " with its " aquastat " antimicrobial technology . if you read the literature that comes with it , however , it says that it prevents microbe growth *in the cartridge*. not in your humidifier . it 's not an antimicrobial cartridge ; it 's a demineralization cartridge . whoever reported that it removes slime must be imagining it 
camera neg 966.txt as an owner of the sony dcr-hc30 model dv handicam , i want to warn everyone about my horrible experience with this product line . design and feature-wise , these handicams are great . the problem is , they are built like junk . from the day i opened my box , i got a message that told me that the heads were dirty and needed to be cleaned . in retrospect , i should have returned it for a replacement then and there . but being a basically optimistic guy , i decided it just got dirty in transit , and i got a head cleaner and cleaned the heads . it worked fine for about 30 days - just about the amount of time in sony 's crappy labor warranty . and from that point forward , i have gotten dirty head messages constantly , which at first could be ` cleaned away , ' but now , even when the message is gone , problems persist . i often get bars across the screen during playback , and i have already determined that i have lost many a precious memory of my infant children . sony 's solution to this situation is their standard " flat rate " repair program , truly a bargain for $250 or so - more than half what i paid for the camera in the first place . and sony wonders why their brand value has all but disappeared ? they are just another electronics brand now , and one with sub-par quality and service at that . guess i 'll be buying samsungs or canons next time around . are you listening , sony ? 
software neg 153.txt i 've owned this software since it 's ridiculously overpriced $500 1.0 inception . even at it 's latest 1.5.1 $299 version apple should still be ashamed of themselves . i use final cut studio and own 3 recent macs , so i 've been devoted to apple to say the least . i am a professional wedding photographer / videographer . i have been more than patient with this software . it looks great , up to apple 's standards in design and vision but remains absolutely plagued with bugs . and unless you pay apple laughable amounts of money ( much more than the cost of the software itself ! ) , they will not provide support on anything except installation...even if there software update is the source of the issue . as someone who has been such an apple fan , i feel obligated to let everyone know that unless you enjoy pulling your hair out and repeating tasks over and over again do yourself a favor and download lightroom from adobe . 
music pos 996.txt maiden had evolved into a new metal standard in 1986. not only did they lead the metal world with the greatest artwork on covers , but their music took a new form and justifed everything they had done in the past . iron maiden to powerslave were just the stepping stones to this standard classic . the cd starts out with caught somewhere in time , a galloping bassline , and parallel guitar make it , not only a classic , but ahead of its time . the rest of the cd id in pure form . my favorite track , however , is alexander the great . the intro starts out with a whisper of that era , and slowly builds to the howl of , i feel , the battle cry of the great warrior of history . iron maiden did not dissapoint with this cd . it is very well mixed and produced , and remains a standard in my collection of cd's . 
dvd neg 358.txt this movie creeped me out and not in a good way . johnny depp is an awesome actor and i usually find him sexy but in this stinker i find him really creepy and gross . maybe it 's the michael jackson-ish look he has going on with the black wig and white face . could they have picked a more horrible look for ww ? it looked like they took him to a costume store and put a 10$ wig and 5$ clown makup on him ! i love tim burton 's other movies but this one sucked bigtime ! it gives a new perspective on willy wonka but this willy is someone i would keep kids away from . this movie is childish if you 're an adult and pales compared to the original . if you 're a kid it 's way too dark and scary and has some adult humor which will leave kids asking " auntie zoe , what does that mean ? " when are screenwriters going to figure it out ? either write a kids movie or write a grownup movie ! ! ! it 's really hard to do both in the same film . it seems like when writers try to make movies that appeal to adults and kids , they end up appealing to nobody ! maybe i am biased because i loved the original gene wilder version . i would have been open to seeing a remake if it was good but this movie was dissapointing . it 's amazing how so much money and effort go into special effects and expensive sets and the script itself is hollow with lousy characters . the whole thing just had a creepy vibe with almost sadistic undertones . the only reason i gave it 2 stars instead of 1 is because i love depp and burton , if you are not a fan of either , do n't waste your time with this steaming pile of poo ! 
health pos 266.txt i love this toothbrush , its easy and it really imporoves your gum health 
health pos 148.txt great aerobic exerciser for the money and very lightweight . let cool down after using as metal does get a bit hot . the plastic leg stoppers do stink a bit , yet the plastic will off-gas . works best on couch while watching tv / movies . for anyone who is disabled or uninspired to work out , i highly recommend this to help get you back into shape 
dvd pos 48.txt i ca n't wait to see the original film again . i remember seeing the lemmings plunging into the sea . thus was born the inspiration for the great pc game , lemmings . yes , i know that the lemmings were ' manipulated ' into suicide . nevertheless i love this movie . i hope that they do n't cut the lemming sequence . disney has promised a full restoration . other animals that left a strong impression on me were the musk oxen in a circle being blasted with an arctic blizzard . the hardships of an arctic existence were beautifully photographed 
music pos 170.txt a friend of mine gave me this cd about a year ago , i listened to a few minutes of it and was like " what is this crap ? " and i shelved it for a couple months . i then picked it back up and gave it another listen . to my surprise it was really catchy to me . the music ( and lyrics ) are simple , but thats what i like about them . theyre simple ! this is a great college-rock cd . i plan on checking out more teenage fanclub , and i suggest you do the same . notable tracks are sidewinder , what you do to me , and is this music ? 
camera neg 599.txt ...but it stopped working after a year . the only thing the lens sees now is black , although the camera still turns on and i can look at pictures i took before the problem started . nonetheless , i loved this camera , and i think it was worth it , even though it only worked a year . now i 've learned my lesson and will buy a longer warranty or exchange for m new camera 
camera neg 946.txt i spend hours pouring over reviews trying to decide which ultracompact was the best deal and the best overall camera . in the end , it came down to panasonic 's fx01 and cannon 's sd600. i read the warnings from other reviewers that the panasonic 's images were n't top quality , but i chose to ignore those reviewers because on paper the fx01 looks like it would out perform the sd600. i was wrong . after using the fx01 for a few days i knew what those other reviewers were talking about - grainy photo after grainy photo . i really really wanted this camera to be great , but it just wasn't . actually , my old 3mp camera took better shots then the 6mp fx01 ! very disappointing . i ended up returning this camera to amazon ( very easy-great service ) because of the poor image quality . i mean , wanting good photographs is why you take photos , right ? i know someone with the sd600 and he 's very happy with the quality . judging by the customer images on the sd600 's page on amazon , i think i should 've gone with cannon 
health pos 451.txt i have been using this line of products since they were marketed . my plastic surgeon ( not used for facial needs ) keeeps remarking on my skin and has to remind himself that i am 61 ! 
music pos 131.txt this is my favorite jazz album of all time . put simply , this was miles davis at his best . the notes on this album simply float , and yet it flows together better than anything i 've ever heard . the composition is disorganized but in a way that it all makes complete sense . do n't let the thirty second clips fool you . i almost missed out on this because the clips are misleading . i took a chance on it , and it was the best gamble i 've ever made . a must have for any jazz enthusiast 
dvd neg 975.txt ahh , " iron eagle " . a classic of the 1980 's golan-globus production mill . with the current spate of historic / " current " military movies , it 's sometimes good to see how hollywood 's come in trying to get the details right . one ca n't do much better than using this flick as a baseline . in case you are n't already familiar with this gem , louis gosset jr. playing a reserve air force colonel , and a teenage kid fly a mission inside an unnamed arab country -ok i 'll name it : libya - to rescue the kid 's dad . pop gets shot-down when he 's intercepted in international waters , but the us refuses to do anything more than diplomatic pressure . the kid and lou gosset meet up when the kid 's challenged to race the local bully with his plane while the bully 's using his dirt bike . suffice it to say he wins and impresses his babe ; he does n't get his slot at the usaf academy , though . you gotta take the bad with good i guess . when the words on dad get back to the family , this kid uses his base " network " to get access to imagery , enemy air defense data , and two f16s carrying a b52 's worth of ordinance . all of this being done by his friends exploiting the dim bulbs who are their parents , no less . ( if only strike planning was this easy . ) of course , the kid has flown training missions with his dad , and has a boatload of simulator time , so he 's a natural to fly the mission . he convinces gosset to go along with him , and his two-ship is on the way . the flying scenes are nothing spectacular , with obviously israeli f16s playing the good guys , and kfirs ( modified mirages ) acting as migs . cockpit scenes are completely the imagination of the set designer ; i 'm guessing he never was anywhere near a real aircraft . these are especially dated now as many computer flight sims are pretty darn accurate in cockpit , flight , and combat models . anyway , lots of explosions on the way in , lou gets hit and aborts and our hero must press on alone-go figure . he manages to talk with the evil dictator directly and get his dad on the runway for him to land ( ! ) and pick him up . more silliness ensues as he launches weapons on the ground , taxi 's out and takesoff . he kills the bad guy and heads home to find lou punched out and was rescued . rather than the prison sentence for espionage , and theft of government property that lou , the kid , his pals and the idiots they exploited on base should 've got , he gets his slot at the air force academy . the end . overall , i guess lou 's performance was fairly good , but everyone else performed at the grade-b level this flick is . note especially a very young shawnee smith as one of the kid 's buds . worth seeing for laughs , and as a film version of a kid 's pilot fantasy . 
music pos 23.txt wonderful instrumentals and lyrics . a shenandoah lullaby is simply beautiful . i love the way the ending segues into brahm 's lullaby . his version of arkansas traveller is refreshing . teddy bears ' picnic is a quaint song that few people have heard . there ai n't no bugs on me is my two-year-old daughter 's favorite , judging from the way she belts out this song and giggles from time to time . i like all the songs on the cd . a breath of fresh air for parents who prefer real instruments to synthesized pop . 
health neg 55.txt the product does not work as it is shown on tv . there are very specific instructions on how it works and it is not so easy . the item was a gift that is now just gathering dust 
music neg 587.txt there 's nothing outrageous about the title song - it 's a lame , mind-numbing piece of crap compared to many other songs found on the " in the zone " album : imagine " breathe on me " , " touch of my hand " or " shadow " on constant radio play or running on mtv . and no , we 're not apparently going to have that because britney 's precious time was wasted in incorporating this bore of a song into a single and even attempting a video out of it , like we know ended up in britney 's injury . for nothing . fortunately for this single , it 's got the already legendary " toxic " and a marvelous vocal mix version of " everytime " - another star for that . 
music pos 454.txt the debut release entitled " breathe " by artist called blue stone is one of the best new age albums that i 've heard in years ! i would even go as to say that it is even better than any of amethystiums albums . " i am " is heavenly and " contact " is an eerie number that is destined to be a future classic ! 
software pos 329.txt nero 7 the original version was useless in that it prevented you from burning some things ; mysteriously nero had suddenly undone itself . all of that has now changed with the new update . it is so good that you can now burn anything on vista . nero inc also released a " nero 7 cleantool " for removing bad installs . if you have had trouble with nero 7 on vista then the cleantool will fix it . apply the tool . clean install . nero 7 is 99.9% effective but has a tendency to corrupt now again simply because it has a vast configuration system . nero is a core burning tool . this means that several backup packages out there will actually find nero on install and use it for burning . one example is dvdshrink that runs nero in the background while backing up dvd movies on dvd-r . i / o errors with these programs , including dvd decrypter , are usually the result of a configuration problem with nero . one example is updating your firmware . sometimes this requires you to reinstall nero . this problem however is the only bug i have found with nero . just on the side - i highly recommend either sony , imation , memorex , verbatim as relatively cheap good second class media ( 80% or higher burn success rate ) . dvd is still in its early days of development and some media is garbage so do n't blame nero if you make coasters ( half burned dvd-r discs that are useless to you ) with this software . i also recommend a healthy supply of at least 3 dvd-rw discs for testing your burning so that you never make a coaster and waste money . okay , now back to nero . nero burning rom is the real tool in the bundle . it is the most configurable burning tool in the package while nero express is for those who do not know a thing about burning and works like a wizard . a word of advice is to stick with the rom and learn it without using the wizard . you can choose from dozens of cd formats and dozens dvd formats , including several variations of each format . image burning and hybrid discs of any time are all here . there is not a disc format you cannot burn with this program . burner hardware based error correction systems in conjunction with the nero software make a perfect burn almost every time . nero also happens to be extremely fast , if not the fastest out there , however fast is also in terms of how fast your burner is , but the software package requires little to no processing before a 8gb dvd is being pulled onto your hd . you can create isos with nero and even use nero to open up isos so you can read the content ) . there is an amazing amount of free software out there that uses this burner as their base and rightly so . it is the best burning software out there at this time of writing . pros : - if you can learn tutorials for all types of backups then this and a dvd burner will change your life if you play games and watch movies . - solid performance . with good hardware and media almost flawless burns every time . - nice configuration . can even backup your ps and xbox games . - all burning formats . - about 266mb in size . cons : - let 's face it . dvd burning and backup does have a bit of a learning curve . read plenty of tutorials that use nero to do specific backups . - corrupts sometimes and needs cleaning before reinstall . - you really need a top of the range machine to backup a dvd in less than an hour 
dvd neg 778.txt when we watched this remake of brian 's song , it was not by design . we had requested the 1971 version from netflix , but the dvd was damaged in the mail and they resent the 2001 remake by mistake . but instead of sending it back again , we thought " what the hec , let 's give it a chance . " while we did n't expect it to live up to the beloved original , nothing could prepare us for how god-awful it was . so when we saw all the stars given to this remake , we were utterly mystified . other than mekhi phifer 's performance , which was pretty good , it was a joke . sean 's maher 's brian piccolo was a caricature ; cartoony and over-the-top obnoxious . maybe they had intended to cast jim carrey in the role but he was busy . instead , they got maher to do a jim carrey impersonation . james caan portrayed piccolo as this outgoing , wise-cracking guy , but he was human and believable - - not a clown . and those football scenes . they looked ridiculous . at least in the original they used real game footage , which gave a real gritty sense of being in a stadium - - not at a high school or some sound stage . even though the original was a tv movie , the performances , scenarios and dialog were well done , believable , touching , heartwrenching . if you watch it now is it dated ? of course , but there 's nothing wrong with that . it is current to the time it depicts . but this remake reminds us of a very bad , melodramatic after-school special . really , it was so bad i ca n't find adequate words to describe it 
music neg 78.txt know here is man with absoultely no lyrical skills baby dont get with a wanksta good girl wants a gangsta what about girls just want normal people no way can anybody like slim thug everybody likes a pimp onli weird and freakish people do slim thug isnt a thug if he was he would be in jail studo gangsta gangst 
dvd neg 284.txt i was very disappointed with this show . having read the reviews i decided to buy the dvd , now i feel cheated . the jokes are weak , his inaccurate depiction of africa and his off-the-mark african accent were more annoying than amusing . jamie was crude , disgusting and even more disappointingly , not funny at all . he will look back at this and feel acknowlege that it was n't his best performance . he had such good material to base his jokes on but he flopped quite badly . i do not recommend this dvd at all 
books pos 603.txt this is for sure a great book , if you have the ability to concentrate for more than five minutes , unlike the majority of the herd , in mean people , of today . if your intrest lies in the substance of this book , read some other review , i 'm only going to tell you that , the ( 1909 ) publication , stinks ; the so called book , is more like a oversized magizine , and the print is about the size of a footnote in the bible 
camera pos 694.txt this item is cute . my only complaint is that it really can only hold the camera . there is no space for an extra card or battery . it does however have a convenient belt clip on the back that you could also attach a shoulder strap to . 
music neg 888.txt first show on broadway i ever left at intermission . i bought the tickets because i did n't think i could go wrong seeing a show directed by strohman , starring craig bierko who was fantastic in music man and was flat flat flat in this show , and music by harry connick jr. whom i have loved forever . it taught me that everything has it 's place and harry 's place is not a broadway stage . i hope for his sake , he does not try again . if i could rate something at zero stars , this would get that rating 
software pos 152.txt ms office student and teacher edition 2003 is a versatile tool you can use for different purposes : office documents and presentations , school work and projects , correspondences , scrapbooks , pictures , etc. truly a great addition to your computer software 
dvd pos 87.txt the royal tenenbaums is wes anderson 's third major motion picture . the movie revolves around a rich , but extremely eccentric man name royal tenenbaum ( gene hackman ) . royal and his wife etheline ( angelica huston ) had three children : chas ( ben stiller ) , margot ( gwyneth paltrow ) , and richie ( luke wilson ) . in the 1970s the tenenbaums were one of america 's premier families : margot was a famous playwright , richie was a junior tennis champion who later won three consecutive u.s. nationals , and chas started his first real estate business at an early age earning himself his first million dollars before he was thirteen . that was almost thirty years ago and the tenenbaums have largely been forgotten . betrayal , failure , and disaster have haunted the family and the laurels of their youthful days have withered and died . what 's worse is that royal 's children and wife blame him for all their failures . royal senses that his time is earth is waning and he wishes to set things right . with the assistance of his faithful servant and lifelong friend , pagoda ( kumar pallana ) , royal sets into motion a plan to redeem himself in his family 's eyes . i 'm a pretty big fan of wes anderson and have seen all four of his films . the royal tenenbaums is anderson 's most critically acclaimed and his most popular picture . however , it is my least favorite of his movies . like all anderson films the movie is filled with quirky characters and witty dialogue . the film is about the redemption of a man in the eyes of his family , a theme that i enjoy . yet , the film just did n't resonate with me as much as anderson 's other pictures . i really do n't know why that is . that 's not to say the royal tenenbaums is a bad movie because it 's not . in addition to everything else mention it also has some good acting , brilliant set designs , etc. i just prefer a movie about thieve brothers or a film about a precocious teenage genius or comic-drama about a sea-voyaging documentarian instead 
software pos 704.txt absolutely no trouble installing on 2 computers , ( i use windows xp ) ! ! total protection , plus you can block many websites very easy , which is great for the computer the kids use . came with 3 licenses 
dvd pos 837.txt this disc is pure gold ! featuring a full live performance from their 2004 european tour and tons of classic and backstage footage this is the ultimate stray cats fan collectible ! the concert documented on this disc is so satisfying you would think it was still the early 80's . they show almost no signs of age and you can tell they pour their heart out into the show . they go through all their classics and then some . whether it 's " stray cat strut " " gene and eddie " or " rumble in brighton " what you see and hear on this disc is flawless . must buy for all music fans , not just fans of the cats 
software pos 692.txt my daughter loves sims so i got this to help her improve her spanish . it is fun to play for adults , too . the complete immersion method is more effective for learning a new language 
books pos 814.txt this book started off very slowly for me . i got pretty tired of the gender bending deception - how could she be so stupid as to think he was stupid enough to believe his charade for that long in that close of company ? ? ? once the air was cleared , the book picked up speed and ended quite well . i give the book 4 stars because it did cause me to shed a few tears at one point . all in all , a very enjoyable read . past about the halfway point 
software pos 114.txt i loved the experience , especially with the smart picks , smart templates , smart search , and smart rank . i recommend it to any user . very happy with the product ! thanks eisenworld , thanks alohabob 
music neg 424.txt quality is poor . some songs are not playing . avoid buying @amazon 
music neg 861.txt i was prepared to spend the original $26.05 list price for this motion picture soundtrack . at that price it was already the most expensive out of 12 cds ordered . i was refunded the money to " the last starfighter " due to an error listing . when i went to re-order , the new price is $49.95. what a joke ! someone is pocketing an incredibly high profit margin . i would love to have focussed my comments on the actual composition , but until it is sold at a fair price , i will reserve my rating 
books pos 893.txt i believe this will be very helpful for christian people to understand who god is through the life 
dvd neg 506.txt i live in colorado , one of the states that receives emergency funding because the illegal alien situation has gotten so out of hand . this movie is about a town called farmingville and the disruptions in their lives as they ( literally ) wake up to find mass groups of illegals outside of their neighborhoods . some live 20 to a house and have cars coming and going every day - ( imagine how that would bring down the resale value on a home ? ) the aliens surround the streets to hustle for work right out in the open . the video documents the two sides ( the ones who support , and oppose ) the situation . the side that opposes the intrusion into their lives painfully reveals their exasperation at their own city 's inability to instill order and law . as women who go to the neighborhood 7 / 11 are whistled at , they become nervous ( as a women offered in the video-unfortunetly it was not shown ) . the thick misogyny in the mexican aliens was especially disturbing ( example : a women who was with a special interest gruop to offer services to the illegal men was unsure whether they would listen to her , as in the mexican culture ) . some create groups in support , others create and claw for order . eventually a town meeting is called in which one of the women who runs the opposing group is called a rascist by her own politicians as he is flanked by two illegal aliens who nod in agreement . it is especially poignant to watch as this everday american women brings the situation to her counsil members . they call her a rascist , and many of the illegal aliens surround this politician in support.it was disturbing to see a foreign lawbreaker have more influence over our politicians than one law-abiding women and her attempts at trying to instill order in her own town . i do n't believe it portrayed the opposing townspeoples side very fairly . they had every right to be exasperated-our we not in a terror war ? since when does mexicos problems come before our own ? maybe because it was made by carlos sandaval it was more unobjective . i felt the film more unfairly depicted the opposing ( against illegal immigrants ) as ' mean ' rather than literally mindblown and aggravated their laws were n't being enforced ! when does the nations people not have a voice in their own country ? 
software neg 830.txt does n't work on mac like it says that it does louses up your machine not worth i 
camera neg 196.txt i purchased the 8 x 10 photo frame as a way to display photos at my wedding reception and planned to use it in my home thereafter . i was able to get the product running and to load a ' test ' set of pictures , but the product then ' froze ' at the startup screen . i checked the pacific digital support website , which provided steps ( basically , a sequence of buttons to hold down ) to ' unfreeze ' and reinitialize the unit . i tried this sequence several times , to no avail , and then called pacific digital customer service . after repeated messages left on a voice mail system ( " we 're sorry we missed your call - we 'll get back to you " ) at all times of the day and night , i was unable to contact anyone at the company and no calls were ever returned . long story short - our wedding came and went , the problem was never ( and will apparently never be ) resolved , and the digital photo frame is now a $390 paperweight . absolutely useless . my recommendation : do not purchase a pacific digital product . this is clearly a fly-by-night outfit 
books neg 601.txt i must agree with my 1 star friend . this book does n't deliver . it spends all this time talking about things that we could grasp just by looking in the help section of the program . it goes over basic things several times and makes it sound very complicated when it is totally simple . this book is good for people who have alot of time to waste and money 
camera neg 913.txt we just bought this camera to replace our minidv jvc-dvl500 that was bought in 2000. in short the picture taking ability is worthless and the quality is very grainy and dark . i applied the workaround listed above , but found that i had to set the frame rate to 1 / 15 in order to ge the brightness that i needed which caused a very jittery image . the quality of this camera is something that i would expect for $200 , needless to say i am returning this camera today 
camera pos 842.txt this digital camera is awesome . i have no problem with the batteries . i made sure i put the good batteries in ( no cheap ones ) . i looked at purchasing a canon and a hp but the features it had on this one was outstanding and for the price . i purchased this camera with the 1gb card with it . i ca n't wait to start using it when i go to san diego in march.... . awesome digital camera..... . you wo n't be sorry on this purchase.. . 
books neg 212.txt i bought this book for my ccnp recertification . i ran into a bunch of stuff on the exam that was not covered in this book or was in greater detail than was covered by this book . i used sybex books before on my original ccnp certification and i passed . if i try to recertify , it wo n't be with one of those books . i 'll use cisco press . live and learn . 
camera pos 221.txt the camera handles very well - it 's light and drives my zoom lens and 18-55mm lens beautifully . i get professional photographs and can use it all day without suffering from heavy weight , which it does not have . the view finder is excellent and the readout on the back of the camera is extremely helpful , showing photos as they are taken - with zoom on the back screen , which immediately gives me the idea of the photo i want to use in my books . i say this is an outstanding lens and camera . 
software neg 263.txt this software is useless . it is a slow and a system resource hog . you can download dozens of free apps that do a better job than this for free 
health neg 267.txt this is a sad invention . instead of massaging , it vibrates and in no way " relieves stress " . besides this , it 's very low budget : first off , the label for a " thigh massage " , actually vibrates at you calves ( on the ottoman ) . where it is labeled " lumbar " , it actually massages your thighs . when you try the pre-designed massages ( " modes " ) , the chair vibrates very quickly at seemingly random spots . the whole thing is almost musical . whoever designed this chair should try a different profession . besides all this , the chair itself is fairly comfortable , and the heat is nice , although a little weak 
camera pos 23.txt this is a great camera . plenty of resolution . excellent shot speed . sturdy frame . the kit lense does n't do the camera justice . buy the body separate and add a better lense . on the bad side , i had a small glitch with the camera 's firmware soon after purchase and had to return it for a fix . it was two months before the camera was returned . sorry , canon.. . you lose a star for that 
camera neg 281.txt after a week of using this i find the motor noise that others talk about is nothing . mine is a refurbished model from tigerdirect , so maybe the motor was already fixed : - ) my mother in law has a camcorder that sounds like a blender . the zr 500 is ok in low light , but you can adjust the exposure manually to correct if it is n't to your liking . you can also adjust the focus too ! my friend who is a mini dv guru said that in this end of the consumer spectrum this camera is on par . i 've made two practice dvd 's ( with firewire , no problem at all ) with this camera and like what i see . for those of you that have bad motornoise : try your video software to edit the noise out . power director has that feature . i am happy with this product , but i would rather have a higher end model now that i have a bit more in my budget for a camcorder . a great camcorder for beginners ! 
books pos 789.txt there 's no much to say about this book . everything is already said . and it is still the best book in the field . well done , nancy ! ! ! sead malicevic , m 
music pos 931.txt ...and if you 're fortunate enough to find it , i recommend buying the version with the bonus dvd , which chronicles the making of yellow brick road . when i bought it , it cost the same as the 2 sacd set without the dvd , so it was still a great deal . my only complaint- -and it 's really minor- -is that it would have been nice if they could have fit the original album onto a single sacd . a second disc could have included the bonus tracks that are included in this package , plus any extra- -maybe even audio-only interviews- -still remaining in the vaults . no matter . the important thing , if you are able , is to make sure you have an sacd-compatible player ( like the pioneer dv-563a , or one of the really expensive players if you 've got the cash and love audiophile formats in both your hardware and your cds ) . even if you do n't , the stereo cd layer still sounds truly excellent 
health neg 773.txt i was hopeful that this little product would be up to the job but alas , i was wrong . it turns out this is a fragile , underpowered , ineffective tool . darn . 
books neg 396.txt " ...minus several million for good thinking.. . " - zaphod beeblebrox , the hitchhiker 's guide to the galaxy the above quote ( and the score i 've assigned to this book ) are n't in reference to the text or the author , but to the publishers . why anyone with the brains of a sea urchin would cross professor hawking as they seem to have done is beyond me . briefly , save your money and buy the illustrated brief history of time instead of the theory of everything , even if you 're a compulsive hawking completist . alert readers should notice that hawking does n't hold the copyright for theory of everything , and attempted to block its publication . it was originally titled the cambridge lectures : life works , and appears to have been drawn from some recordings of lectures given by the professor years ago . ( see the professor 's web site for details . ) the " vanilla " ( i.e. , not the illustrated ) theory of everything consists of an introduction , seven lectures , and an index , without *any* illustrations or diagrams . out of curiosity , i compared a library copy of it with the illustrated brief history of time . unless otherwise noted , each of the 7 lectures corresponds to a chapter of the same name in brief history , in some segments only with slightly different paragraphing and punctuation ( and occasionally the kind of spelling errors that creep in when one transcribes audio narration to text , if i may speculate as to the cause ) . i do n't understand why anyone would prefer the less polished text of theory of everything to the illustrated brief history of time , which not only has updates for new areas of research , but has been revised and rearranged to explain things more gently to the layperson . " ideas about the universe " is essentially an extract from " our picture of the universe " , the first chapter of brief history , with about one sentence 's worth of drift per paragraph . brief history 's version of " the expanding universe " has a more gradual introduction to the methods of measuring distances to nearby stars , and explains technical terms that may be unfamiliar to the non-scientist , such as luminosity . theory of everything really shows its age in " black holes " when compared to brief history , as hawking has not been idle in that area over the years . the illustrated edition of brief history has had a fair bit of interesting material added to " black holes " , especially regarding cosmic censorship and naked singularities ( hawking having made a few *more* bets on the subject with preskill and thorne , although he paid off the cygnus x-1 wager ) . " black holes ai n't so black " lacks major blocks of clarification / explanation added by hawking to the version in brief history . brief history 's version of " the origin and fate of the universe " goes into more detail : about the kinds of particles that are predicted to have come out of the big bang , and what sort of results we 'd expect to see today if the predictions hold , and the scientists who first put forward these theories . brief history also contains a much longer version of the " open questions " section , leading more gradually up to the discussion of guth 's development of the inflationary model . " the direction of time " corresponds to brief history 's " the arrow of time " ( which is worth picking up just for the picture of the keeper of the u.s. cesium clock ) . brief history goes into more detailed examples to explain what hawking means by the psychological arrow of time , with the simplest kind of " computer " : an abacus . " the theory of everything " mainly corresponds to brief history 's more modestly titled " the unification of physics " , which is much more up to date ( string theories are still covered , but a lot more work has been done in that area over the years ) . the tail end of the lecture corresponds to the ending of brief history 's " conclusion " . - - in summary , this is interesting stuff , but the illustrated brief history of time does it better 
music pos 799.txt i bought this cd yesterday and i immediatly knew it was going to rock ! after hearing the title track , go ! , i knew this cd was going to be different then the spice girls cds. it is better . my favorite songs are never be the same again , ga ga , and goin down . 
health pos 93.txt i have had omord hr-100c for a few months now . i use it wile on my treadmill . it seems to take a wile before it starts to register the hart rate ; i think it is because the sending unit needs some moisture to make good contact with your skin . i did have some trouble with the unit when i first started using it ; i replaced the battery in the sending unit which solved the problem . the fact that the battery is user replaceable is one of the main reasons i picked the omord brand . the hr-100c is a bare bones unit and does a good job if you are looking for an inexpensive basic hart rate monitor 
health neg 330.txt i have found that the ms-5700 to be very loud . the braun 8995 that i replaced it with is very quiet . the plastic chrome on the body gives it a very cheap feel , and look , it makes it hard to hold onto . i have found that the shaver dos n't give me a very close shave compared to the braun 8985 shaver . the solution tank for the cleaner seems to be not as user friendly as the braun 8985 that holds a cartridge that slips in and out to replace . as you have read i have replaced the ms-5700 already with the braun 8985 , and am very happy with the change . the braun also came with 3 cartridges for the cleaner unit , not just one bottle to pour into the cleaner . 
music neg 244.txt if you are looking for boring , lifeless adult contemporary music , then this cd is for you . if you are looking for a great guitar cd , this is n't it . i had such high hopes for this cd after the robert johnson cds and the cream reunion , but all winning streaks must come to an end , and clapton 's comes to a screeching halt with this . of all the eric clapton cds that i like , this is n't one of them . i 'm glad clapton is now in a happy place ( and deservedly so ) , but this cd just does n't do it for me 
music pos 294.txt one of his best times . all the songs on this cd are great he express his fellings very openly . with this cd people can really see who marc anthony really is 
health neg 6.txt the best thing i can say about the test is it took 13 days to receive my results . the actual results varied greatly from those i received from my doctor 3 months prior : ( ... ) both tests were taken following a 12-hour fast . all instructions were followed . i find it hard to believe my cholesterol levels changed so drastically in 3 months . i contacted biosafe customer service . all representatives were busy on my first call so i left a message , which was not returned . i called again and was able to speak to someone right away . the customer service person was very pleasant and took a lot of time explaining how accurate their tests were and how results from different testing methods ( finger prick vs. blood drawn from arm ) will vary " slightly " . ( ... ) i question the accuracy of the biosafe results . 
camera pos 770.txt thes item is gretes item i used befoer for these prise ! ! yes is true is very clear optics , you can see in total darknes about 350 m it 's agood rand , price and qulity . 
camera neg 866.txt my primary camera is a sony hdr-fx1. i bought the gl-2 as a second unit for multiple camera angles at sporting events . the gl-2 is a respectable camera but in my opinion the video image does n't even come close to the sony . the price and rebate offer was the greatest incentive in my purchase of this camera . however , beware of the rebate offer . i sent all the documents in strict compliance with the terms of the rebate only to have it rejected . the rebate facilitator claimed i did not include the upc code . if i had it to do over , i would dig deeper into my wallet and buy a second sony 
books pos 637.txt this a beautiful book . it is complete and definitive for reference to italian renaissance art. the photographs are clear and the information is concise . i used this for my graduate italian art history class . i am keeping this book and will not be selling it back 
health neg 894.txt i purchased the product , used it for 2 days and it has not worked since . the compnay has yet to respond to my request for return , and amazon excepts no liabilty . needless to say i wasted money 
software neg 99.txt crashes on every thing i try to do . i 've never seen such a poor excuse for a program . i paid 70 dollars for it and am now throwing it in the trash . 
camera neg 796.txt this is the worst camera i 've ever owned . i 'm not exaggerating . i 'm so upset for wasting money on it . the only pictures that turn out , are outside in bright daylight . it takes horrible pictures in low light , there 's a high level of noise in the photos . the video mode moves in and out on its own , ruining the video . i sometimes get colored lines down the right side of the videos . my friend 's $88 dollar digital camera takes way better pictures than this thing . it just plain sucks . 
camera pos 573.txt my fuji e900 fits perfectly and also the battery charger and extra batteries . the front pocket for additional memory cards is a great idea . case goes on belt or on neck strap to accomodate personal taste . very nice and reasonably priced 
camera pos 286.txt at a recent nye event , i shot a lot of photos in a concert setting without a flash and am very impressed with the sharpness & clarity of this lens performance . its so fast and the colors are vibrant . i am not a seasoned pro but with the 20d and this lens , it makes me look pretty close . i did shoot in manual and once i got my aperture & shutter speed dialed in , it pumped out a lot of great pics . i have also shot some pics of waterfalls ( slowing down my shutter speed to get that soft flowing image ) and portraits of people and again , it oozed excellence . the 135mm focal range is not as convenient as a zoom , but the quality of this prime lens makes up for any incovenience 
dvd pos 819.txt they do't make musicals like this anymore . well , they do n't really make musicals anymore , do they ? they used to make them , made them well and they came out like " down argentine way . " the plot is just enough to keep your interest but the music is bright , costumes lavish and not a few laughts . the major players - betty grable and don ameche - are as engaging as usual.carmen miranda makes her us film debut and sings , dances and mispronounces her way to stardom . the 20th century fox role players appear ( charlotte greenwood , j . carrol naish , henry stephenson ) and add to the fun . 
books neg 393.txt i did not enjoy this book at all because it was writen in a very distracting fashion . while it was unique , it was too hard to get into . i also really hated the story , it was also too confusing to follow , to strange to enjoy , and to boring to care . i totally hated this book and it was near torture and a waste of time to read . the only reason that i read this was because it was for my book club . the reivews , by the way , in the club were 50 / 50. some loved it , the rest of us hated it . there was no in-between . i would only recommend this book to someone who is into odd literature or to english majors , i 'm not sure who else would like it 
camera neg 605.txt i was looking for a pair of roof-prism binoculars like this , for hawk and bird watching . i had looked at swarovskis , but they were way out of my budget , nearly a thousand dollars for this resolution . these binoculars are crystal-clear , with sharp focus . the 42mm lens lets in lots of light , lots more than the 35 's i 've been using . i wear glasses and the twist - up - and -down eyecups are a blessing . there are also attached lens protectors for the 42mm , nice because i always used to lose them . for the price , these ca n't be beat 
books pos 827.txt this book is a five star book ! ! ! ! i love it so much ! ! ! partly becuase i like mystery / adventurous books and i would recommend this to all of the people who like mystery / adventure . it is a great book about a great family when everything goes wrong when janie jonhson decides she wants to drink milk and when she looks at the back for the kidnapped kid - she learns too much. . 
books pos 159.txt this book shows in detail how much of the media has gone out of its way to attack the president and how many facts have been distorted in the process . it also provides a rare look at what the president really does with his time and how much effort he puts into his work . if you are looking for a book that labels president bush as a liar or a dummy , this is not the book for you . but it is a superb look at the events of the last year and a half , including the election of 2004. do n't be narrow-minded . i highly recommend it 
camera pos 723.txt the camera fits perfectly . the case is very stylish . best of all , its pink 
camera pos 720.txt this is a camcorder for the digital age . tiny , multi-functional , and flexible . no ancient-technology magnetic tape . as with any product on the leading edge , there are many shortcomings . let 's dispense with the obvious . this device is all about compact go-anywhere flexibility and ease . for best image quality , a dedicated mini-dv camcorder and dedicated digital still camera is the only way to go . in fact , buying a separate camcorder and still camera may likely be less expensive than the sanyo c6 while resulting in superior quality . overall image quality is best described as " ok " . the poor lens zoom and aperture is more befitting a $100 digital camera than a $400 device . the flash is weak and will not light many scenes that any other still camera would light . in addition , since the flash is not offset in any way from the lens , red-eye is virtually guaranteed at any range . this is not a problem with digital touch-up being common practice , but plan on touching up more often . low light conditions drag down image quality dramatically in video mode . virtually any digital camcorder at any price will outperform this sanyo in video mode in any situation , but a little day light goes a long way towards improving video quality with the xacti c6. also , to be clear , the video quality is still superior to anything seen in the best of analog camcorders . for all these negatives , the convenience can be truly revolutionary . one can wear the tiny vpc-c6 around the neck all day . this causes an amazing change in attitude towards video . since the sanyo is so compact , no one would think twice about bringing it along on any minor travel . being freed from the chore of " packing up " a camcorder means a corresponding willingness to bring the sanyo on so many more occasions , such as a visit to the park instead of just weddings and birthday parties . and whereas a mini-dv camcorder requires one hour to transfer one hour 's worth of video to your computer , the sanyo transfers video as fast as the sd card and usb 2.0 interface will allow . that means five minutes or less to transfer one hour 's worth of video to a computer . this ease increases willingess to create video and share video . no more procrastination over dragging out the camcorder wiring and the manual task of initiating video transfer to a computer . with the sanyo , just place the camera in the docking station and pictures and video files are available just like files on a usb flash drive . it is difficult to overestate the significance of this convenience . video becomes an everyday pleasure , if one so wishes , rather than a special occasion chore . if one values this convenience over absolute image quality , this is the product to own . this is a leading edge product . to get the most of this product , i highly recommend doing the following : 1 ) sanyo has provided an updated firmware on their website . this fixes a fatal flaw in the audio processing that some people have noted as excessive distortion - this update makes audio quality competitive with other camcorders . in addition , this firmware update adds compatability with 4gb sd cards ( the limit is 2gb without the update ) . kudos to sanyo for the continuing support . ( note that the instructions are a littled distorted in the translation - what they meant to write is that you need to push the set button to the left to enter the firmware update screen . ) 2 ) the video is in mp4 format and is playable only with quicktime . for windows users , this limits video editing to the included programs or quicktime-specific programs . there is an easy solution . first , download the divx codec ( a freeware commercial product ) or xvid codec ( a free open source product - my preference ) or ffdshow ( a free open source product ) - use your search engine of choice to find these . second , download a utility called " mp4cam2avi " ( a free open source software found easily with your search engine of choice ) . with these two programs , the video becomes compatable with any windows program , including just about any media player ( such as windows media player ) and any video editing tool ( such as windows movie maker ) . i look forward to seeing how this market segment evolves . the freedom from bulk and digital tedium is addicting and i am sure the image quality will continue to improve . for now , i am happy capturing the memories that would have otherwise been lost had i continued to own a conventional bulky tape-based camcorder 
books pos 618.txt i liked the book but you also have to consider the end killer.. . is that logical at all ? ? the senator is in his late fifties and so how old is his father ? if he had the senator when he was twenty he 'd have to be 77. is it really reasonable that he 's running around killing people , and setting houses on fire . it was a very unlikely twist to the end . it still was a good book 
dvd pos 782.txt there are two story lines here , one an unqualified celebration of the state of girls ' prep sports after a generation of title ix 's beneficial impact , and another the very qualified consideration of the state of some individual girls ' athletic lives after a generation of title ix 's less beneficial side-effects . heartbreak , fury , exultation are the viewer 's rewards . only quibble is that the climactic game was documented in too abbreviated a manner 
software neg 147.txt i am in agreement with others here who indicate that 4.0 is a downgrade from 3.0. performance is very poor , especially the organizer . it 's depressing to see how fast alternative programs are , such as mac iphoto and even the canon software that came with my camera , compared to elements . recently , i 've been getting lots of crashes , though everything else on my system is completely stable . the only reason i gave it more than 1 star is it does have some nice functionality , when it works correctly 
software neg 444.txt this is the worst company i have ever dealt with . they offer 30 day trial on this product , i was n't happy and mailed it back to them in 5 days of purchase and i 'm still waiting for the refund . i have called them 3 times , it has been almost 4 months now without a refund . i would never buy a nova product from this company again and i would recomend everyone going somewhere else to get good customer service 
health neg 470.txt i do n't have a particularly large skull but these barely fit together on the bridge of my nose . i do n't see how the manufacturer can claim one size fits all ; as i said i do n't have a huge melon like mike myers 's brother in " so i married an axe murderer " . the idea / concept is great but...i 'll probably return them . unfortunate because i was really looking forward to using them . people with really big heads , caveat emptor 
software pos 786.txt i have a new compaq pc - amd athlon 64 , 1 / 2-gig ram , 200+gb hdd - and nis-2005 came pre-installed . it worked and continues to work fine for me - and i am able to get all my updates regularly w / o any problems . however i am a single desktop user with normal needs - not a power user . that , and if you have a high-end pc - then this product should be quite adequat 
health pos 736.txt this curling iron works well . it heats quickly and i 'm very satisfied 
dvd neg 337.txt this movie isnt worth the time to read this review . it sucks and i 'm a big trinity fan . my advice is keep searchin 
camera pos 671.txt i got this camera so i could have more control . i 'm learning to use the shutter and aperture settings...i have n't explored all the fancy settings much , but there are tons of them . i really like the continuous shooting option so i 'm more likely to catch a good action shot . the wide-angle lens has also allowed me to get some pretty cool shots and the macro settings work great for close-ups . i think it 's one of the best buys you can find if you want to take some pretty cool photos , but do n't feel quite ready for an slr 
camera pos 730.txt my bother-in-law and i went to africa on safari last year . we had purchased the binoculars especially to use while hunting . the optics were good and we were initially impressed by the image stabilization while still here in the states . our impressions were confirmed when our professional hunters fell in love with them during the hunt . they were so impressed by the is and price that we left a pair with our hunter . he used them for the entire season last year , and when he visited " the states " last month , he reported that they are still doing well 
dvd pos 677.txt with the flip of a coin , it 's home i go . ichi returns to the town he was raised as a child only to find that much has changed since he last left . a good film in the series i gave it five stars because i am bias and think that they all deserve five . this one was a strong introduction into ichi 's personal life along with the background of villians and lost ruffians with little or no way to reedeem their karma . of course the cane sword is revealed yet again which leads to some good gore . i thought this was an all around good story with lots of underlying plays on greed and deception , and above all , love , shame and guilt from ichi whom never seems to want to be bothered after it all goes down . much is lost to our friend ichi and he seems to just lose more . 
health neg 103.txt this was a piece of junk . neither my husband nor i could ever get it set correctly - - we wound up throwing it away , going to target and buying one of their 10 , 000-steps pedometer . that works great 
health pos 861.txt i have nothing bad to say . it gets hot enough . it was cheap . it seems well made . the cover is washable . it 's just what i was looking for 
music pos 726.txt i cannot stop listening to the song i saved the world today . the cd is worth the price for this song alone . the whole cd is great though ... classic eurythmics that sounds as great today as their earlier work . annie lennox gets all the attention ... and she deserves every bit , but dave stewart certainly deserves as much . they make a great team and this cd should have been given much more attention in the usa . i hope they do n't take so long to do another one 
health pos 550.txt excellent product . works well . only problem is that the container holding water could be bigger 
health neg 863.txt the straightener works ok . it straightens my hair better when it is dry . i have very course hair . i still had to blow dry it to get it to straighten out , and go over it a few times to really make it straight . the remington is to thick , so you can not style the hair at all with it . the worst part about this particular straightener is when i leave it plugged in and have it shut off it keeps making a beeping sound ? ? i have to unplug it to make it stop . i just bought a chai straightner for about three times the cost of this , it is only 1 inch thick so it styles the hair very nice , but it straightens my hair the same as the remington . i have only had it a few weeks , so i am intrested to see if the chai causes less damage as it claims then other straighteners 
software pos 363.txt an excellent item saved me lots of time and money 
software pos 50.txt i have been running xp for a few days and so far so good . i was running win98se and decided to upgrade after microsoft announced that they no longer support win98. my software is now obsolete ? yikes ! well , i 'm glad i upgraded . installation went smooth as silk and i have not experienced any problems at all . i had to find a couple of new drivers for hardware but that 's been it . and for home edition versus pro , i think i can be quite happy with the home edition . i will say that win98se had been a headache for a long time so the stability that i see so far with xp home is a relief . good features , good reliability . a very decent upgrade . i recommend it . four stars 
dvd neg 881.txt i 'll give the leads the benefit of the doubt that they 're actually a lot better than this lame-o-flick deserves . kutcher and murphy are tom and sara , the mismatched couple that loves itself to pieces in this story which strains for laughs . after a whirlwind romance , sara introduces tom to her tony beverly hills family . they marry and the rest ( much like their marriage ) is quickly history . things go bad from the wedding night ( bloody noses , no sex ) and only get worse . after tom nearly burns down the french chalet that sara booked them into ( after a fatal misunderstanding involving voltage differences in europe and an electric sex-toy ) , and compounds problems by taking them to the worst hotel in venice ( cockroaches , dust and no sex ) , our heroes quickly realize that they are on the honeymoon-from-hell . at first they gamely make a go of it , not realizing that they 're only saving their tension for the perfect moment . " just married " was a simple idea for a flick . people have been laughing at marriage for years . maybe that 's why the jokes seem forced - the sex-toy fiasco painfully illustrates how far the script will go to get a laugh , and we get that one early on . every joke is actually half of a joke about sara and tom ca n't have sex , climaxing ( really , no pun intended - i mean it ! ) when sara tricks custom 's inspectors into giving her hated hubby a full-rectal exam ( cut to the scene of tom walking bow-legged onto the plane ; obviously he 's the victim , but in the perverse logic of this unsexual non-comedy , you 've got to wonder whether tom is actually the victor - he at least got some . ) the script ca n't get past a monumental plot gap : tom and sara really do n't have anything in common - you 'd think they 'd have learnt and gotten past their foibles while they dated , but the story skips past much of that . tom 's the hero , but he 's an idiot - the script makes him out as the ugly american , an utterly dated cliche ( he 's surprised that nobody in europe watches american baseball ; he 's the kind of idiot who uses " american " instead of " english " when referring to language - as in " why is n't there a sign in american warning against using us voltage sex-toys in france ? " the laughs are far and few in between - the best ones involve cars ( both the ridiculous sub-compact they rent in france , and the dodge barracuda ( at least i think it 's a ` cuda ) that tom drives - a monster which was probably meant to remind us about " that 70 's show " but which looks like a prop from the " phantasm " movies . if ever there was a flick that needed help from " the tall man " , this is it 
camera neg 740.txt i got to the tip of alaska , and none of the four batteries worked no power ! i missed getting a day of once in a life time pictures . david highe 
dvd pos 582.txt charles laughton is typically wonderful in his broadly-played role as england 's king , henry the eigth , who infamously married six different queens , divorcing or executing them as circumstances warranted . the script to this magnificent alexander korda production is a witty jab at english history buffs , touching only briefly on the supposed treachery of ann boleyn , concentrating instead on the preposterous emotional life of the lusty , capacious king . laughton , as ever , is a marvel , skillfully presenting henry at first as a thinly-cariacatured lout , and gracefully embuing him with gradual shades of pathos and humanity . viewers who look to this film as historical drama are clearly missing the point : this is all about the cleverly-rendered script , which turns british schoolboy lessons on their heads , and on the classy ensemble acting , which admittedly may be hard to focus on with the lamentable quality of the current print ( i 'm writing in the year 2003 ; perhaps criterion or some other class-act movie restoration company can correct this problem soon ) . still , fans of early british cinema will enjoy this film a lot 
books neg 577.txt i got really disapointed when i received and read this book . it provides advanced techniques that a regular woodworker would never use . the parts that woodworkers use the most are vague . i 'm not intereset in making violins or boats . i need techniques to bend wood , to use joints for curved surfaces , to build equipment and fixtures to bend wood and so on . this book lacks of the practical guidelines to do so 
software neg 310.txt other than the substandard security ; the endless hours you will spend trying to clean out spyware , protecting against viruses , etc. ; and the fact that microsoft has built in it 's own spyware to notify them when you are connected to the internet , it 's pretty good . it is a good evolution of their graphical interface and quite intuitive . if you are concerned about your ability or willingness to protect yourself against malicious attack from internet scumbags , buy a mac . as you face the upgrade to ms vista , you 're going to need to upgrade your cpu , so you are essentially at a crossroads . good luck 
books pos 567.txt americans who ca n't name five poets will name allen ginsberg . in this case , that is good since he was one of america 's greatest poets . this book attest to this . i write this review to show disappointment in the publisher who continues to publish the collected works on the cheapest paper next to newsprint . for the next edition , i would like to see , at least in limited edition , a volume printed on quality paper which could last more than a few years before turning yellow . ginsbergs deserves better treatment 
music neg 668.txt i am a hater , to the core . i hate puffy and thats all it is to it . now there , you do n't have to say it.so on to the review . first off every lyrical line puffy spit in this album was outdone by everybody . every track he had the weakest flow and the worst rhymes . and thats the truth . i do n't know how true this is , but i heard loon was behind most of puffy 's lines on this album . so that should explain the utter wackness in his lyrics . the truth is i do n't care who writes his lines . it could be tupac and nas doin it , since its not them spittin it , then it actually takes away from the rhymes itself . almost this entire album is filler . the best tracks is real n**** and journey through my life . i really did n't feel that beat a whole lot but nas and beanie 's verses was off the hook . however that is not enough for me to give this album more than one star . now i love mc lyte and public enemy , but they should get smacked in the back of they heads with crowbars for lettin him mutilate their classics . thats not musical artistry , thats butcher work . fake thug dedication really gets under my skin . the title alone . no disrespect to biggie as an artist cause i do like him still . but they put a diss on tupac on life after death after he died , then denied it for years . so perhaps the fake thug dedication should be to him , cause thats some sucker s***. i did n't hear his latest album , i 'm not going to review it , i did n't even visit that section . if you a fan of this guy , then you gon cop this and his new one regardless . if you like me and hate just about everything he puts out , you wo n't be caught within a mile of that s*** 
music neg 590.txt first , here are some general positives about jaci velasquez : - she is a very gifted singer . her vocal range is top-notch - definitely on par with mariah carey and christina aguilera . - she is beautiful . and unlike a previous reviewer , i do not consider the recognition of this attribute to be a sign of shallowness but rather a display of appreciation for feminine beauty . i like beautiful singing voices . i like beautiful women . there 's no difference . - she has great spiritual depth . her music reflects key spiritual themes such as love , faith and joy . now , here 's a critique of the cd : i listened to all the music samples ( as you can do as well ) and only one song caught my attention - " lay it down " . the other tracks have too much of a hard rock sound and were too experimental for my taste . but the song " lay it down " was different . it sounded more acoustic , more in the style of folk rock - a genre that reflects my personal preference in pop music . i found the sound clip of " lay it down " to be intriguing because it reminded me of a hit song in the 1970 's - eric carmen 's " all by myself " , later covered by celine dion in 1996. " all by myself " is a ballad having a soft , understated introductory verse with an explosive chorus . the sample clip of " lay it down " appears to be in the same mold . it has a soft , understated introductory verse ; however , it seems to lack an explosive chorus . listen to the sample and hear it for yourself . the introductory verse is closing with the following lyrics : " all of my hopes and my dreams and my best laid plans are slowly slipping through my folded hands " so far , so good . there 's only a piano and a violin accompanying jaci 's soft vocals . next , the song appears to be moving from the verse to the chorus and you hear the following lyrics : " so i 'm gonna lay it down i 'm gonna learn to trust you now " now here 's a problem . i am expecting to hear the beginning of an emotional outburst - an opportunity for a singer with the pipes of jaci velasquez to showcase her voice . but it is not forthcoming . why ? this intrigued me and i wanted to hear the whole song but i did not want to purchase a cd for only one song . luckily , i discovered that a compilation cd of jaci velasquez 's best songs was released recently and it contained " lay it down " . great ! i bought the cd - " on my knees : the best of jaci velasquez " . this is what i discovered after listening to " lay it down " . - the first time through the verse and the chorus , the song is definitely understated . we simply have the accompaninment of a piano and a violin with jaci 's soft vocals . - the second time through the verse and the chorus , a drum beat is introduced and jaci begins to let some emotion out beginning in the middle of the verse and when the song moves into the chorus a complete emotional outburst occurs . but somewhat to my dismay , this is not the same voice that i am expecting from jaci velasquez . her voice was more raspy and raw ( actually , it was sounding more like demi moore or tara reid , not that that is necessarily bad ) . furthermore , she appeared to be struggling . is this the same voice that was soaring effortlessly through the stratosphere on songs such as " on my knees " , " speak for me " , and " adore " ? is jaci velasquez losing her voice ? i do n't know but i find it very difficult to imagine that a young woman in her mid-20 's is losing her voice . she is entering her prime . barring a health issue , this just does n't happen . " lay it down " is actually a pretty good song . in fact , i am almost of the opinion that it may be her best . i certainly find myself listening to this song more than any of her others . " lay it down " has the same message as the beatles ' classic " let it be " . the words are different but both songs share the same sentiment . actually , now that i think of it...they do share a couple of words in common...the words " let it be " . here are the closing lyrics : " i 'm gonna let it be , i 'm gonna let it go i 'm gonna lay it down " the essential lesson being conveyed is learning to " let go and let god " - a profound spiritual insight . something that each of us here is learning . this song is heartfelt and gut-wrenching . and though her voice is struggling through it , the song , nevertheless , works out its magic . i gave this cd 2 stars because i think jaci velasquez is attempting to redefine her music style and has not succeeded . interestingly enough , her best sound was her first cd - un lugar celestial ( a heavenly place ) . bring back the spanish / flamenco guitar and develop a more acoustic sound . in my opinion , the acoustic sound is more spiritual . keep the piano and electric bass guitar but dispense with the hard rock electric guitar and synthesized sound effects . develop a latin folk rock sound with an element of jazz . hire a good saxophonist or a trumpet player . emphasize ballads . that should do the trick 
dvd neg 536.txt an incredibly bad film , whose only redeeming feature is lana clarkson , in ( and out of ) some skimpy outfits . she 's completely gorgeous , but even she ca n't save a disaster of a film . buy deathstalker instead 
dvd neg 861.txt neither my husband or i could get into the movie . i dont think i would ever watch this film again . it was not what it was made out to be 
dvd pos 953.txt i 'm pretty new to the yoga experience . i started with a kathy smith dvd ( hated it ! ) then i got a yoga zone video - - the one for flexibility and toning and i found it to be very good . i then got another video - - yoga shakti which is excellent too and i was looking for another beginner video ( the yoga shakti one has some advanced parts in it ) so i bought yoga zone - - introduction to yoga . while some of the moves in it are on my first video , i still found this to be very good for beginners . alan again teaches you the breathing technique - - which i often forget . i noticed on another review someone complained about the slowness of it . yes , it does move slow however if you 're a beginner and you 're just learning the poses , the last thing you would want is for it to move fast . he takes the time to explain each pose and how it should feel when you 're doing it . his voice is very soothing and puts me in a calm frame of mind . i honestly have to say that if i did not originally buy a yoga zone dvd , i more than likely would not have pursued the practice . i think that yoga zone is what has gotten me more into it and wanting to practice more and learn more . i highly suggest this dvd to any beginner yoga-lite out there 
health pos 55.txt this book is beautiful outside , i love the lace up binding and place for picture on the front . what i do not like is how there is no specific places to write in , you just have to use your imagination as to how to word and to position things on each page..too much like scrapbooking for me , i wanted a book with blank lines and spots to write in..for example one blank page will say , " all about mom " then another that says " baby shower " etc..but the pages are blank . i need more structure 
dvd neg 816.txt two of the worst stories in the history of tos , but for different reasons . the ' way to eden ' makes the mistake of trying to be trendy , and so dates badly . what the real problem is though is that it makes the enterprise crew seem to be the disapproving establishment , especially of all people captain kirk . ' requiem for methuselah ' is at heart a reasonable story with the assertion that one man could be responsible for the work of da vinci , brahms and others . what it completely fails to do is have any appreciation for kirk 's relationships with women . threre is no way any woman would have kirk obsessed to the point he would fight for her , he is far to full of his own importance for that . this effectively trashes any credibility that the story would have had because this is the crux of the whole episode . a real pity 
music neg 219.txt that this great music sounds so awful on this cd . i wanted an introduction to kate bush 's music , and this cd seemed a very good way to start . when i put it on , i could n't believe how muffled and dull it sounded . i could swear i 'm listening to the music through a wall of cotton . i went to the existing reviews here on amazon , and , sure enough , ferrara brain pan 's spot-on review stated exactly what i was feeling upon listening to these recordings . it is inexcusable that an artist of bush 's stature is represented in such poor technical fashion - and a shame , considering how good the songs are . another little beef is that the cd clocks in at under 49 minutes - in other words , there 's room for 30 more minutes of music , which i 'm certain could have been well-used , considering the vastness of her catalogue . i will be looking for the remastered individual albums , but if i did n't know how good kate bush was outside of the context provided by this butchered collection , i would n't bother buying any more of her material . shame on emi for allowing this . i give it two stars ( instead of one ) simply because the music is so very good 
camera pos 551.txt your site was the only place where could find a replacement for my lost nikon uc-e6 usb cable for my nikon coolpix 3100. even nikon could not satisfy my request . thank you cynthia valesi 
music neg 817.txt i did n't really feel like some of the songs were really love songs . a lot of these songs i had not even heard before . 
software pos 166.txt this package is very complete and easy to use . took just a few minutes to be drawing house layouts , et . a lot of the tools are intuitive and simple 
camera pos 285.txt despite reading glowing reviews about this lens , i was still surprised to see how well it performed . the lens is so sharp you can get very good cropped pictures of running athletes , from a distance of three quarters of a football field away , shooting hand held , with late afternoon light , which will print a 5x7 and still look like a pro took them ! if you want a tack sharp lens for indoor sports pictures and ca n't afford , or otherwise do not want another long lens for outdoor sports pictures , then you should give this lens your serious consideration . 
health pos 929.txt this product perfrorms as expected , and very easy to clean with almost not maintenance . it also has an adjust dial for the humidity , which gives you some control . love the machin 
camera neg 243.txt i made the mistake of ordering this camera to substitute buying a pro camera . the color and noise was terrible . if you want a great point and shoot camera get the canon powershot s50 while they are still available . the camera has pro features , it was so good they stopped making it because it should have been in the pro camera line at a much higher price tag . if you want to see s50 pictures go to [...] and search my gallery cathreen styles . all most all of the pictures in the gallery were taken with the s50. i am going to buy another just to have when mine breaks . by the way , i did end up buy a pro camera , mainly because of the look . i got the canon 30d and love it 
music pos 55.txt call it american folk , call it alt.country , call it what you like , but if you heard this aussie trio on cbs or npr earlier this week , suffice to say their in a category all their own . love that harmonica . up all night by the waifs is appropriately titled . i 'll be up all night listening to it 
camera neg 258.txt no eye piece cover - you put your eye on a hard surface hard to focus hard to find objects i lost a pair similar to these that were much better 
camera neg 127.txt to customer before me , you camera d200 might be on recall . please check the nikon website for more info . you have described the exact recall problem . good luck ! btw , have you tried or someone tried this battery on a d70 ? i am thinking to consolidate and have all greys batteries rather than black for the d70 and grays from the d200. 
music neg 349.txt ...when you 're gearing up for suicide . this whole album sounds like the last thoughts and comments of a person who 's going to just end it all . i found myself suffering nightmares , fatigue , misery and paranoia . my ears unclogged but i started getting headaches and a fuzzy feel in my head . this is not a good album for the stressed , because it will just make you feel worse . i find this album unlikable and mostly unenjoyable . when i first listened to it it sounded inaccessable , after listening to it more and more i started to get more " into " it , but i ca n't say i found it a good place to be in . it 's a somewhat interesting album , but it mostly just dragged me down , made me nervous , numb and hurt my head . people say this is great music . let them say what they want . give me some old fashioned enjoyable music that does n't make a pest of itself . kid a is just ok to me , and has n't been worth all the effort to " get into " . this almost seems like a sadomasochistic album to spank the listeners . i do n't know , maybe i 'm missing something , but to hear some " weird " music like this that has miles more heart and is alot kinder to the ears , try " passengers " by u2. and thom york sings like a muppet on this album . by the way i 've enjoyed radiohead 's first three albums quite a bit ( including pablo honey - - why are people always busting its chops ) . 
software neg 56.txt this computer system , although almost universally accepted , can be beaten in quality and flexibility by an operating system that can be downloaded for free , such as the fedora project ( a distribution of linux , a os which can be changed by anyone for free ) , or bought from software company supporting these open source project with unlimited customer support for around �50 ( $90 ) or less 
camera neg 888.txt the nikon camera s3 is a good camera but the camera takes to long to take a picture i dont like it because when i am at a party i want to take a fast picture . it sucks and i wish i never bought it dont make the same error i did and waist my money on the piece of junk . 
health neg 560.txt if you 're just mixing non-gas-forming drink mixes , this thing works acceptably well , but if you 're mixing something like " ionic fizz " magnesium drink that fizzes up a bit , it 's not very useful because it just does n't form a very good seal , no matter how tightly you close it . as another reviewer mentioned , it 's very easy to cross-thread the lid . thicker threads and deeper threads would probably help . it is great for sipping though , and easy enough to keep clean . but i went back to using a plastic 16-oz milk bottle that always forms a tight seal when you close it . the seal on this bottle is too flaky because it 's difficult to tell if you 've cross-threaded it until you start shaking it . i 'd have expected a bottle designed for shaking and mixing drinks would have paid a little more attention to the problems this has . i do n't use this any more , because it 's too annoying to worry about the seal and the cross-threading . do n't waste your money on it . 
books pos 246.txt lee smolin is a very deep thinker and original physics theorist , ready if needs be , to question cherished assumptions . one is humbled at how fertile his mind is and how he is familiar with the ideas and the research of so many people the book is mainly an account of his misgivings about string theory , where he initially states , as he sees it , the five big problems in physics . in this context , he makes the very important point that since the end of the 1970 's there has not been a single breakthrough in our understanding of elementary particle physics and , in particular , he claims string theory does not achieve such a breakthrough . in making his case against string theory he discusses what string theory has given and shows how it appeared to offer a solution to some of the problems of theoretical physics . but then he builds up his case against the theory . he says that string theory does not reproduce the standard model , probably the most successful theory in physics , but even predicts particles not seen in nature . it did not predict and does not cater for dark energy , nor does it make new precise and falsifiable predictions . in particular he says string theory does not offer a solution to the foundational problems of quantum mechanics . he also notes that here is no complete formulation for string theory . he shows though how the five versions of string theory could be unified if membranes rather than strings were assumed , but notes that this theory , m theory , still remains a tantalizing conjecture . he says hopes for a unique string theory have receded . this reviewer would not dare to comment on his assertions but will say that any assertions he makes , are based on a very thorough knowledge of modern theoretical physics and merit the full consideration and respect of the reader . indeed new ideas are needed in physics as lee smolin says . we are missing something big . there is a feeling though that we are on the verge of that big breakthrough - that something just beyond our understanding at the moment will surface through the ` murk ' into our consciousness and revolutionize our knowledge of nature . the clues are there . to do this , lee rightly says that the sort of people who see through universal assumptions and ask new questions are needed . he also says that progress sometimes requires deep philosophical thinking but sometimes does not . and whether it is ` lateral ' thinking or a breakthrough revolution in ` conceptual ' thinking , new thinking is definitely required . lee concludes his book saying that what he intends to do is just that . he chooses to start with a paper of his on the relationship between quantum and thermal fluctuation . a good choice perhaps . i strongly recommend that anybody who is interested in physics and the current problems and mysteries in the area to immediately buy this book , if they have not already done so . 
health pos 26.txt my physician introduced me to this item . he said very accurate when compaired to the water and pinching methods . is affordable and easy to use . oh , did i forget to mention , accurate compaired to a scale model i own . amazon is great to order from , the online ordering was easy and the product arrived in 5 days ! 
music pos 849.txt if you want some classical music to sleep to , do n't buy this cd . if you want some high energy symphonies , however , i highly recommend it . from bach to vivaldi , the pure energy of this cd will give you a new understanding of the joys of classical music . just do n't listen to track 25 , because i have no idea why john philip sousa is included with tchaichovsky 
camera neg 546.txt the battery does not hold up . after 10 months it would not work at all . i thought it was the battery . emailed support and was told the battery is not replaceable . i found one and changed it out myself . the unit was just dead . warranty is 60 days . will not buy another one 
camera neg 804.txt it arrived broken with the stand missing . i have been waiting to replace it at a local discovery store 
dvd neg 353.txt i was expecting more because of the history on these tapes / dvd's . this one was disappointing as you do n't feel like you did a workout . i like the older ones better with tammy 
music pos 295.txt the earlier reviews pretty much said it all ; this is pretty much one of the best and most overlooked bands from the 90s . swervedriver is lumped into the shoegazer category often , however , if that label scares you off then dismiss its application to this band , because they are n't so much shoegazer - in that cough-syrup-dreamy-noise way - as they are sonic rock . yes , rock . who knew it could still be done , and believe me , they do it well , and uniquely . if you 've listened to swervedriver before , then tehre is n't too much more to say - buy this album . it 's not as hi-fi as 99th dream or mezcal head ( in my opinion their best album and one of the best of 90s decade ) , but not as fast or dirty as raise . now , if you have never listened to swervedriver , this might not be the best album to start with - it all depends on your tastes . personally , i would suggest starting with 99th dream or mezcal head ; either way , this has all the qualities of every swervedriver album - great lyrics , superb and unique songs , and that urge for more when it 's over . sadly , this band was vastly ill-treated by labels and they are no longer together ( however , some vestiges exist in the form of toshack highway ) . but if you want to see what you missed in the 90s - even more so , if you want to see what the best of the best from that decade truly was - swervedriver is a must 
dvd neg 615.txt this movie was a sleeper not in the sense that it was a pleasnt surprise but rather it in fact put me to sleep . i have 3 suggestions 1 avoid 2 avoid 3 pay close attention to suggestions 1& 
camera neg 135.txt ok , i imagine if you forked over the $900 for this baby you would not want me telling you that you got a bad deal , but i am going to say it anyway . this little baby is way over priced , not to mention you need a lot more than just this to make it work . you need a wireless router ! ! so rather than just complain , let me tell you what i want canon to do about it and maybe we can start a revolution ! with cf cards in the 12gb range it does n't make sense that you would need this for capacity reasons ( i know those of you with the biggest and brightes 16mp that shoot in jpeg & raw on the highest settings just laughed at me ) , however where this item is worth it is if you want to immediately see your shots on a big screen or computer without having to take the shot , take out the card , etc. what i want is a bluetooth compact flash card . they make these so i know it is possible . i would like canon to offer support for these compact flash cards so that i can immediately sync my bluetooth computer with my bluetooth camera . now that would make it so that when i am in the studio or shooting a wedding , i have the mobility 30 feet - 90 feet depending on card and i do n't have to drag along a wireless router and i saved myself $700. get to it canon - i am waiting ! ! ! 
health neg 716.txt out of the box did n't work . would not have givin it a 1 star review if there was a zero . now its time to play the refund game . 
music pos 117.txt what a beautiful album ! one of the rare albums that has no fillers or weaker cuts . i 'd call it a classic but that makes it sound dusty . these songs could come out in 20 years and still sound fresh . 
books pos 413.txt a great great novel ! catches you from the beginning and does n't let go . you become obsessed and engrossed . collins has the most gorgeous way of writing....drawing you in . and his descriptive ability is astounding 
dvd pos 324.txt flight from death is a " must see " documentary . i saw it three times since i 've received the dvd last week and each time i discover new aspects . images are beautiful and the commentary ( narrated by gabriel byrne ) is just outstanding . before seeing it , i was a little bit anxious to see how they can translate in a documentary the rather complex thought of ernest becker . as a reader of becker 's books for many years i can tell that patrick sean and greg bennick had done a fantastic job . each important parts of becker 's understanding of the impact of death anxiety on human behavior are explored and very well explained . i understand now why this documentary won seven prizes . please do not hesitate to buy this dvd you wo n't regret it ! 
camera neg 560.txt here is the short version . oct05 i bought a fujifilm finepix f460 digital camera for $299.99. nov06 camera stopped working correctly - snapshots have alternating bright / dark horizonal strips across them . jan07 i sent the camera in to fujifilm 's service center for repair stating that the camera was always handled with care and that a ~$300 camera should work for more than just 1 month after its warranty expires . jan07 the service center sent me a repair estimate for $70.00 + tax and shipping totaling $85.95 ( i spent $16.52 to send it to them so my total expense would have been $102.47 for the repair if i accepted ) . feb07 i contacted the service center and stated that i think they should stand behind their product and fix the camera once they verify the malfunction was not caused by user abuse . and that i do n't think that it makes sense for me to pay $100 to repair a $300 camera that stopped working only 1 month after the warranty expired . the service rep , named christina , asked me to fax her a copy of the original reciept and she would see what she could do . i complied . mar07 fujifilm returned the camera to me unrepaired with a note saying that i did not reply to the estimate . now i will now send them the camera and its memory card and a printout of this review asking them to refund the cost of the camera , its memory card , and the shipping i paid . 
health pos 448.txt i bought this for my wife when her sonicare died . she loves it . great price . she did n't want the better one and is very happy with it . her teeth look great and she likes the way they feel after brushing 
music pos 871.txt i have been into vaisnava spirituality a long time , and they really got it , perfect and professional 
music pos 332.txt if you would have told me last year that i would own an album of piano solos i probably would have laughed in your face . while i enjoy several kinds of music , most of my favorites are in the classic rock and alternative genres . the reason i bought this is my wife and i are having a baby in december and our birthing class instructor played and reccomended brickman as a popular choice for relaxation music and her personal favorite . i bought & quot ; no words&quot ; and & quot ; simple things&quot ; mainly for their absence of singing and something to play while she is in labor . i have been listening to them nearly every night since we received them while browsing the internet or doing chores around the house . it really is amazing music that is very calming and relaxing . he definitely pours everything he has into his piano and the accompanying instruments and background is fabulous . everything everyone else has stated in their reviews is right on as well . i would definitely reccomend not only this cd but jim brickman in general if you are looking for a nice relaxing getaway 
books neg 423.txt i think its not wise to refer to only one source here is one of the testmonies : " i was born in israel ( palestine then ) to a well-known jewish religious family . we are living in israel for many generations ; well before the zionists infiltrated the middle east . jews and moslems always lived in peace in palestine until the zionists came from europe , massacred the palestinians ( dir yassin , etc. ) and forced them to run away from their lands and get locked into the refugee camps across the borders for almost three generations . studying in a jewish religious school in tel aviv , i was taught that the ' bad arabs ' conducted pogroms all over palestine killing jews . my family told me the opposite : we lived in palestine in peace for generations with our moslem brothers . when the zionists started their pogroms ( dir yassin ) , the moslem acted in revenge and started their own pogroms , killing jews . however , our moslem friends actually saved the lives of our family by hiding us in their own houses at a risk to their own lives . " http : / / www.rense.com / general54 / thank.htm you can make your search with many of the anti-zionism jewish organization all over the world . 
health pos 255.txt i 've owned several norelco shavers in the past but the 7180xl is definitely the best . this shaver is extremely light weight , quiet and gives an extremely close / smooth shave . i find that i get 5 days of shaves on one full charge and a full charge takes about 50 minutes to complete . the shaver is also easy to clean using either wet or dry methods . the only complaint i have about the shaver is that no traveling case / pouch holder comes with it to hold the cord , shaver and cleaning brush . just make sure you keep your old case holder from your previously owned shaver ( s ) . only time will tell on how this model will hold up . my 4 previous norelcos have averaged around 5-6 years each 
camera pos 580.txt very clear pictures , very happy with this camera . note that it has only the lcd screen and no viewfinder , but this has n't been a problem for me as it 's pretty easy to use 
books neg 679.txt i 've seen much better photos / articles on dylan and would not suggest this particular work . i will be selling my copy in the used section . 
software neg 427.txt i paid top dollar for ps7 and thought it was time to upgrade to cs2. after i installed cs2 i discovered that i could not crop any photo without having my pc crash . every time it crashed i looked at the defrag utility and i had fragmented files all over the place . then i defraged the hard drive and went back to cs2 and tried to crop the same photo again . again , my pc hung up and was unresponsive and the defrag utility said i had to defrag . the only thing i did was to crop one photo in cs2 , and that was enough to make it necessary to defrag again . i uninstalled this piece of garbage from my pc . it does not work , and i do n't care what deke mcclelland says and i do n't believe what he says , either . save your money . these rip-off artists at adobe are nothing but thieves . yeah , they ripped me off for $153 but you know what ? at least i have my integrity , and that 's more than you got , deke baby . 
dvd neg 962.txt i enjoyed the first saw and kinda like the second but this has got to stop no more of the cruel heartless [...].first it was people who did n't appreciate life now it any old hasbeen or no name d talented actor .i am willing to watch another saw movie only if paris hilton , nicole richie and lindsay lohan are attach large boulder and drop in some in super deep quick sand 
health neg 683.txt this shaver holds a great charge and you can use it in the shower , but that 's about it . the shave is n't very close , and it takes a long time to shave . to do your underarms is somewhat painful with the pulling of the razor 
health neg 460.txt a big disappointment.after filling with hot water as instructed the water temp cooled off immediately regardless of the " warmer " as advertized.it was too shallow to cover the feet if massage attachments were in place.i returned it for a refund 
software pos 177.txt this is the easiest way i 've ever been able to make cd's . it realy makes photo cd 's easy and produces a great product . a group of frinds and us just got back from mexico and i put all of everyones photos in separate files on a cd . the automatic slide show goes through the differ n't files as if they were just one file with no seperation , but the pictures are still separated in each person 's file for ease when printing and so forth . it 's great , wish i would have had this years ago 
books neg 584.txt i am a big fan of the missing manual series . previous books have given me lots of insights into my installed software and have made my computing time much more efficient . i therefore approached this book with much enthusiasm . office is such a gargantuan program , with tons of bells and whistles , that microsoft itself estimates that most users take advantage of less than a third of its capabilities . however , the book is a major disappointment , because of its many mistakes and poor organization . most of the mistakes are ones you can work around- -for example , on page 8 the topics covered by appendixes a and b are reversed- -but the sheer number of such mistakes makes reading the book a major distraction . every few pages i find myself going to the missing manuals web site to report yet more errata , such as incomplete or wrong instructions , figures that do not agree with the text or figure captions , incomprehensible writing , seeming confusion between the mac and pc versions of the program , etc. and i agree wholeheartedly with a previous reviewer who complained about the inadequate index . it looks as though o'reilly publishers did not do an adequate proofing of the book , but instead rushed it out as soon as possible . that is too bad , because i will now be much more hesitant to purchase another missing manuals title 
software pos 460.txt i am a computer repair tech and i can bet 90% of the problems reported in these reviews for this product is because people double install security programs . you should never install more than 1 antivirus program into your os . most of the decriptions of problems are from doing just that , double installs . please please ..remove / uninstall any previous antivirus programs and 3rd party firewalls . then reboot..use a good registry cleaner-freeware program like ccleaner to remove leftover registry keys , then reboot again and then and only then install your new antivirus / security program . i have this program and when installed properly on a cleaned system , it works great . a very good product at a very good price . i ca n't comment on it 's tech support , i have never used it 
health pos 864.txt while some of larabars have a thick grainy-nut texture , this particular product is very smooth and almost tastes like chocolate candy . for those of us who ca n't eat real candy because of allergies , this one is a winner ! it almost tastes like a soft girl scout thin mint cookie 
software pos 905.txt i 'm not going to cover the technical drawbacks of this software except to briefly mention that you should look over other reviews before you buy . however , despite annoying design features , this is quite an amazing piece of software ! i would certainly rate it a 5+ if there were n't some design shortcomings and undocumented features ; ) for starters , the educational intent of this software was well thought out . young people will certainly learn a lot about chess through using this program and they will have tremendous fun doing it ! the game teaches fairly advanced concepts in very clever and engaging ways for children of all ages and even adults . the graphics and characters are great . the explanations of principles are sound and they are reinforced through fun chess exercises . the program encourages young chess players and at the same time challenges them to improve . the product description above covers the scope of the concepts covered in detail and i found this description to be accurate so i wo n't repeat it . i spent about 2 hours with a 9 year old playing the game and i had a lot of fun ! i did n't find that this program was especially difficult to use and my young friend was able to figure it out intuitively . he also found it difficult to pull himself away and so did i . this definitely an activity you can enjoy along with your children . the overall concept for this teaching tool is interesting because it involves three layers of play . there is the overall game of rescuing the king who is trapped in the castle which is used as a tool to motivate the player to learn new chess skills that allow them to progress in this higher order game . embedded within this larger framework are a number of clever chess teaching games where you can record high scores and learn various skills . these can be selected from within an animated room , which gives the player some freedom of choice . additionally , there are other fun games that are not necessarily related to chess , but that allow the player to relax their chess concentration and refresh themselves for tackling more difficult chess skills challenges . i also think it 's good that kids could join [...] for a year and play against others as part of the purchase price . this gives them an arena to apply their chess knowledge and is a good community that is always available . there are other online chess communities that are free , but i still think this is a nice added bonus . i do n't think any parent could go wrong purchasing this software for their child . it 's good for hundreds or even thousands of hours of entertainment and its powered by an excellent chess engine . however , you ca n't play a game of chess against the computer with it . it is only a teaching tool . however , you can buy fritz grandmaster software for about [...] which does have this capability at a very low price point compared to other products of comparable playing ability . i 've heard criticisms of fritz 9 and my understanding is the extra cost does not add a lot of value . in fact , at this point there seems to be some bugs with fritz 9. if you purchase this product , you wo n't be disappointed . i wish they had it when i was learning to play chess 
camera pos 633.txt this product delivers exactly as promised and we could not be more pleased . the pictures are wonderful . the initial downloading process was straighforward and problem-free . we actually purchased three photo frames for ourselves and our children and they love them as much as we do . the slideshow feature is wonderful as well . everyone of our friends that have seen the photo frame are equally amazed by this product as some were not aware that such a product even existed . to be sure , they are expensive but worth the cost . we will enjoy our photo frame for years to come as we update with new pictures regularly . thanks to the folks at philips for getting this soooooooooooo right . 
books neg 514.txt i worked with the author in the narcotics section of the chicago police department . please do not let the author 's perception of the truth sway your opinion about the chicago police department and the men and women who serve proudly . the author claims that the narcotics section and its policies were a leading contributor to his decline . i think not . he thrived on these practices and used them to his advantage . all we saw was a selfish and immature young man who thought of himself first . if the author thinks that only the commander of the narcotics section was disgusted with his drug usage and failing his urinalysis , he is dead wrong . we all were . if you read this book , please do not indict all of us because of one person 's jaded stories . 
health pos 649.txt as advertized , as promised - and at a savings ! ( better pricing c / w - walmart , target and online 
books neg 955.txt my paperback copy fell to pieces after ten days ! it is full of nice photographs but when the individual pages are lying in a chaotic heap on the floor it hardly matters how pretty the pictures are or how intelligent the text is , does it 
software neg 17.txt i rarely write reviews but i decided to write this since i had this urge to let everyone know that this product is just plain bad . the review by " reviewer : rc lansing mich " has listed all of my frustrations and i will not go over them again . but the rating of 4 stars that he has given does not agree with what you will read in his review . the summary of this product is that it is " highly unusable " . you will be tired of using this on your first trip that you will not feel like every using it again . yes , you can " manage " you way with this product . however it is not worth your time and money . and last point that struck a nerve with me about the ols maps database ... the company came out with a plan where customers can send them updated maps , based on locations they have travelled , not covered by the original map database ... come on ! 
music pos 180.txt the edward scissorhands score will always be one of my absolute favorite movie scores . i truly believe this is danny elfman 's best score and believe me , he 's done some great scores ! the music is so moving . the childrens chorus mixed with the soft bells and strings were absolutely perfect for this sweet , beautiful film . even people who have n't seen this film have probably heard the music from it since it is used in so many film previews and commercials . a must-have for any danny elfman and / or tim burton fan 
music neg 763.txt while i love billie , in her own words , these sessions were dull , and uninspired . since the reviews should focus on one cd , that is the jist of it ; boring renditions , and back up musicians that are not the ones that billie was used to making for a very uneven collection 
music pos 740.txt many musicians release some sort of experimental album at some point in their career . for peter gabriel , every album is an experiment . usually musicians experiment by deviating from the norm ; however , on gabriel 's fifth experiment , so , the ex-genesis frontman does the exact opposite . gabriel , beloved for always doing something different , decided on this album to play it safe - and for gabriel , that is an experiment . previously he was a sort of cult performer , but on so , gabriel finally made it into the spotlight . big time . so was an immense success , peaking at number one on the billboard top 100 , receiving overwhelmingly-positive reviews ( in 2003 , so placed 187th on rolling stone 's list of the 500 greatest albums of all time ) , and resulting in a sold-out tour . which brings us to one nagging term : " sellout " . though most who loved peter gabriel 's first four albums loved so as well , there are still many who call so gabriel 's sellout album . to me , that 's just foolishness . peter gabriel has never " sold out " and i have no doubt that he never will . it 's clear that on so he was trying to go in a more mainstream direction , but that 's probably the biggest experiment gabriel has ever undertaken , save for his subsequent release , passion . one popular theory amongst gabriel fans is that the album 's title , so , is in fact an acronym for " sell out " ( hence the uppercase capital " s " and the lowercase italicized " o " ) . i would n't be surprised at all if it was . so does sound very different from gabriel 's earlier albums ( though then again , none of those sounded alike either ) . if anything , it resembles gabriel 's third self-titled release , nicknamed melt . the thing that really separates those two - other than an obviously more commercial sound on so - is a feeling of warmth on that album , unlike the harsh , gritty darkness of melt . perhaps that 's why listeners found so so charming . what does so have to offer ? well , a lot . for one thing , there 's the atmospheric opening , " red rain " , one of gabriel 's finest tracks . like many of the tracks on the album , it 's dominated by ethereal guitar from david rhodes and heavenly synthesizers , courtesy of gabriel himself . then there 's one of the biggest hits of 1980s ( which also spawned what may be the best music video in history ) , " sledgehammer , " inspired by the motown music gabriel listened to as a child . with its pounding , industrial percussion , playful bass ( by gabriel 's exclusive bass man , tony levin ) and clever , sexually suggestive lyrics , it 's no surprise that " sledgehammer " was a hit . after letting his silly side out , gabriel tries to inspire with " do n't give up " , a nice song made great by heavenly vocals from another popular 80s musician , kate bush . the subsequent track , " that voice again " , is my personal favorite song from this album . it features some excellent drumming from manu katche , an immensely-talented drummer who has also played with artists like sting , along with misty guitars , delightful synthesizers , and fine lyrics hit home by gabriel 's pained singing . like the best tracks on so , " that voice again " manages to be fun , moody , uplifting , powerful , warm , and inspirational , all at once . gabriel winds down a little for the dreamy , powerful " mercy street " , a song inspired by and written about anne sexton , an american mental patient who relieved her depression through writing . as on his previous albums , gabriel proves that he knows when to lighten up by whipping out " big time " , a silly but fun track which also spawned an innovative music video . " big time " features heavy drumming from stewart copeland , the former drummer of the police , as well as some awesome cmi by simon clark . " we do what we 're told ( miligram 's 37 ) " is about the experiments of yale professor stanley milgram . milgram would have his subjects administer shocks to actors , who would scream in pain as the shocks became more and more horrible . milgram observed that his subjects would do what he told them to do , despite the immense pain they appeared to be inflicting on the actors . he follows that rather cold song with " this is the picture ( excellent birds ) " , a tensely surreal tune . the album closes with one of gabriel 's most famous songs , " in your eyes " . most people are familiar with the song from its usage in cameron crowe 's romantic comedy masterpiece ... say anything , where the song was used in what has become one of the most famous scenes in movie history . it 's one of gabriel 's warmest and most romantic compositions , and also one of his best . on the original lp version of so , " we do what we 're told " closed out the album . that 's a fine way to end it , but it 's also a rather cold way to end such a warm album . when the album was re-released remastered on cd in 2002 , gabriel placed " in your eyes " at the end of the album as he originally intended . now that is the way to end it ! so - how does so rank among the many other brilliant works of peter gabriel ? well , it ranks quite highly , actually . it 's one of the pinnacles of gabriel 's career , though whether it truly is the peak or not is hard to say . after all , how can one compare gabriel 's albums when they are all so vastly different ? certainly , though , so is one of the finest gabriel masterpieces . this is fun , well-crafted , emotional music . so is so wonderful . 
camera neg 171.txt i picked this up with a music order for my 350d - big mistake . the class came chipped , scratched and smuged ; tiffen filters are of very poor quality . do yourself a favor , like i did , and find your local camera supply store and pick up an optical grade filter for maybe , oh , 10 dollars more . this tiffen one was so bad that the scratches made their way onto some shots and ruined an entire day of shooting 
health pos 958.txt i recently a box of two 12 ounce bottles of this neutrogna produst at costco for approximately $9.00. $22.00 for the same quantity is too expensive for me to want to shop for these products at amazon 
dvd neg 132.txt until this date i did not receive this prooduct ? what is happening ? i alredy wrote to you about this problem an d i am waiting for a solution regards mario assa 
books pos 188.txt this book has been golden for two of my undergrad communications classes and is turning out an invalvuable reference for my graduate level comm class , which the professor is teaching from a variety of books . it is very easy to understand and the best part is it covers all the rigorous math . it could be more rigorous with the math in some cases . still it is such a broad and complete coverage of all important topics it will serve as your comm encyclopedia . 
health neg 9.txt the monitor works really well . the functions are a bit limited from the perspective of calorie counting and fitness tracking . if you are looking for a good basic monitor , this is a great unit . 
dvd neg 38.txt therese , lux , mary , bonnie and cecilia make up the five lisbon girls , ages 13 , 14 , 15 , 16 and 17. cecilia , the youngest , lives in her sisters shadows because they are all older and of much more interest to their male neighbors . as a cry for help , she slits her wrists and lays down in the bathtub , she survived the incident . after a psychiatrist highly impresses upon the strict mr. and mrs. lisbon that it would be benificial for cecilia to be exposed to environments which have boys her own age , mr. and mrs. lisbon decide to allow the girls to throw the one and only lisbon party . some of the neighborhood 's boys are invited over and while the party is in session , cecilia is pretty inanimate , sitting on the couch while her sisters flirt , talk and laugh . midway through the party , cecilia asks to be excused and mrs. lisbon - though somewhat reluctantly - allows it . cecilia goes up to her room ( on the second floor of a two-story house ) and jumps out the window , landing on the spiked fence on the front lawn of the lisbon house . in this way , cecilia lisbon commited suicide . only four girls remain . the act which cecilia committed did not go at all unnoticed . the father saw her immediately , the party ended there and all of the boys went home rather glum . four of the lisbon 's neighbors , four young boys , suffered a rapidly growing obsession with the lisbon girls , who were beautiful and a total mystery to the outside world . they got hold of cecilia 's diary and tried to explain why she committed suicide . the eldest decided cecilia was a dreamer , and she did not think she would fall when she jumped out her window , she thought she would fly . with their youngest sister gone , the remaining lisbon girls grow closer to each other , stranding themselves further from the outside world . when school starts again , they attempt to go on acting as if nothing happened , not ever mentioning their youngest sister . the run-of-the-mill awkward act is taken part by the rest of the school however . the usual profuse apology to the mention of the word " death " and the like . trip fontaine is the most popular guy in school , the object of desire to all of the girls at school.. . except for the lisbon girls , which is of no importance to trip until he sets eyes on lux . trip cannot help but be enchanted by her flawless beauty . in the beginning , he is unsuccessful in his quest to even catch her attention for she bluntly shows she 's not interested . but after his consistent courtship , lux falls for his charming ways . trip then attempts to convince mr. lisbon to let him and three of his football team pals take the lisbon daughters to homecoming . after mr. lisbon talks to his wife , he agrees to trip 's request , knowing nothing but trip 's sincerity and claimed honorable intentions , on the understanding that trip have all of the lisbon girls returned to the house by curfew . after trip explains the situation to his football peers , he gives in to those who bribe him the most handsomely . meanwhile , the lisbon girls are picking out fabric for the dresses they shall wear to the homecoming dance . though one pattern is used for all four dresses , each dress looks unique when concentrating on detail . once they pick up the girls , they stop midway to the homecoming in order to smoke , lux being the only girl volunteering to smoke . they then drive to the dance . trip and lux sneak away and sneak swallows of alcohol . another one of the lisbon sisters and her date follow , but leave soon afterwards , not being as wild nor daring as trip and lux . at the time they all decided to meet back at the car so they could make the girls curfew , they are all there.. . except for trip and lux , who at that time were alone in the middle of the football stadium field . deciding they must make their own curfews , therese , bonnie , mary and their dates leave without them . after fooling around , the intoxicated trip and lux fall asleep in the middle of the football stadium . trip awakens in the middle of the night and leaves lux there alone . when lux wakes up early the next morning she is confused as to why trip is not there . she takes a taxi home and her parents were worried sick ( of course ) . but they take measures as far as pulling the girls out of school and stranding them inside the lisbon residence . the girls , in a desperate attempt to hold onto a connection to the outside world , begin using morse code to interact with the four boys who so closely follow their lives . one of which boys lived across the street and the rest which came over daily after this in order to contact the girls . soon following , the boys begin talking to the lisbon girls via phone . one day , the girls invite the boys to come over once mr. and mrs. lisbon are asleep . the plan being that the boys were to drive the girls somewhere , the boys hastily agree . they sneak over and lux invites them to wait inside for her sisters and lux goes to wait in the car . the boys wander down to the basement while waiting for therese , bonnie and mary , verbally expressing their hopes for the night . but then they realize they have stumbled upon one of the sisters . she had hung herself . the boys , scared to death , run all the way home . time passed , things changed , girls came and went.. . but no matter what , those four boys never forgot the lisbon suicides . ultimately , the movie was nothing short of queer . when trying to sum up the story in a few lines ( such as " follow the lives of the lisbon sisters and how they connect to their neighbors . a story full of obsession , gossip , lust , love , desire and isolation . " ) the story sounds quite unique and intriguing , but the story fell short of that for me personally . partly because the lisbon sisters really committed suicide for a reason not much deeper than isolation . the movie , in places , is also extremely flawed . i do not believe mr. and mrs. lisbon could 've removed their daughters from school for so long without their daughters being taken from them by social services . in many parts of the movie , they should 've used upbeat music to fill the deafening silences . the whole movie was filmed in a style that i can truthfully say makes me rather bored . i would only suggest this film to , perhaps , people who like movies such as " elizabethtown " which kirsten dunst is also in . but i personally disliked this movie which was not very tasteful and will not be watching it again in the future 
health pos 320.txt this product works great , they recharge fast , are just warm to the touch not hot , and have extremely long battery life . battery charger works great and has nice car charger adapter 
software pos 504.txt why not have the best possible operating system for the best possible computer . while this os is not the top of the line today , it was when i bought it . if you buy the mac , it pays to have the best operating system . stay current . the hardest jump was from os 8 to os 9. i was unable to bring any of my peripherals with me . now it is seamless . like they say , just " plug n play . 
music pos 988.txt i would like to point out that mtv rocks is funny and you guys are suckers . this album does rule , just not as much as top40 radio hits 
dvd pos 289.txt i always love it when prevention release another workout because i get bored easy and i like to mix workouts up . i 've loved all of the other prevention workouts and knew i 'd love this too . chris freytag leads again and does another superb job . there are two aerobic routines and five targeted toning workouts . the dvd is programmable so you can do them in any order and do as many or as little as you want . that 's a big plus so you do n't get bored or pushed for time . you can choose whether you need to lose weight or just firm up etc. if , for example , you pick that you need to lose weight , there is a six day week with the routines mapped out for you already . that is so helpful . the moves are all basic no frills moves , but they are effective . the first cardio section is low impact and the second is a variety of low and higher impact moves making it just that little bit harder . the body parts are all the ones you want to workout ; arms , butt , abs and thighs . all you really need for this dvd is dumbells and a lot of energy . this is so easy to do due to the programming , so there really is no excuse for not working out . this can be done by practically anyone . i also love how the other two girls exercising as well , are n't the kinds that yell and shout etc. they are as professional as chris 
software neg 707.txt complete waste of money . i purchased my copy at wal-mart but wanted to warn others before they made the same mistake i did . the graphics and templates they use on the package to lure you in are nice and tasteful . the actaul program is so not like that . the graphics are down right cheesy , and low budget . having only paid $9 for this program , i feel like i was completely ripped off . i 'll for sure be calling the company and asking for a refund . 1 star seems like too many to give this awful item 
health neg 168.txt these glasses were a bit of a disappointment . the convenience was out weighed by the uncomfortable fit - they were really snug with no possibility of adjustment . and actually they were annoying with how they hung when not in use . great idea but maybe some " fine tuning " would help...like a more flexible strap rather than the plastic frame just being super long to go around your neck . 
books neg 743.txt this " book " is probably the worst written i 've ever encountered . it was so flawed as to be considered literature . alice walker tries to " one-up " harriet beecher stowe , in writing about brutality . titles like these are weapons used in the anti-black male agenda this society has long perpetuated . all the men depicted in this book are one-dimensional characters with absolutely no redeeming qualities worth noting . the women are portrayed as martyred , forlorn , pseudo-saints who have been set upon by beasts from hell . the only persons capable of any sort of humanity are exclusively women . i 've learned long ago , when absolutes such as these are presented , a greater agenda is at work . there are no " real " men in this book ! only distorted caricatures of black masculinity . i only found value in this book as a comprehensive example of sexist misandry at its worst . i find this title as dangerous as hitler 's " mien kampf " , in it 's portrayal of black men as evil and morally destitute . presenting such depictions is both dangerous and irresponsible . true , there are criminally abusive men in every culture . but there are also forthright , upstanding men as well . to present a depiction of such vehement imbalance and disparity , only serves to distort the readers view of the people being written about . harriet beecher stowe 's fictional " uncle tom 's cabin " , sparked national outrage and eventually a bloody civil war . this title does no less in further distorting the readers perceptions of black men . this book is fiction . however , it is not presented as such . i 'm sure the abusive incidents depicted in this book have been based upon actual incidents . i have no qualm about outrage at such abominations . however , i do have a problem when there are absolutely no upstanding male figures who intervene in such aberrations . that is what i find so unbelievable and offensive about this book . in my opinion , this novel does nothing to laud the strength of women so much as it demeans and distorts the readers / viewers of the people within it . i do n't find it a testament to the strength of black women at all . i interpret this book as feminist misandry with two purposes...the further distortion of african-american culture and the deliberate depiction and denigration of the black male as being hopelessly inhuman . i 'm sure alice walker made a lot of money with this book . feminist , racist extremism seems to have found a niche in literature . i wonder if this novel would have had the same accolades , were it a fictional depiction of white american men brutalizing white women . most definitely not ! ! ! i doubt it would have even found a publisher . america is comfortable reinforcing negative depictions of black men and african-american culture . my life as a black man is difficult enough living as a testament and example against this sort of racial distortion . whatever ms. walker 's motivations were in writing this novel , i 'm sure mercenary incentives were not discounted . this is racist , misandrist propaganda masquerading as literature ! 
music pos 975.txt i drive alot commuting to and from my job . this music has served as the perfect backdrop to an lovely indiana fall ! i 'm sure i 'll recall those colorful images as i continue to listen to this cd through the colorless days of winter 
music pos 792.txt i remember listning to this album over and over again when i was young . to this day i still ca n't get these awesome songs out of my head ! a must get album for you old school folks or anyone that enjoys great music 
health pos 377.txt i 've tried many types of nutrition bars and many are too sweet or they are not tasty . clif bars get it right 
camera pos 545.txt worked like a charm in my panasonic ag-dv30 video camera ! having 5+ hours of battery life really helps when you 're on vacation and do n't want to mess with charging batteries or being " selective " in your shooting . this gives you the freedom to tape what you want and edit out the boring stuff later . worth the money and a good deal here 
dvd pos 478.txt i loved the book and i feel that this movie did it justice . the actresses are new favorites of mine , and i feel they really captured the spirit of the characters . the movie really does a fantastic job of transporting viewers to 19th century england just as the book does . i would definately recommend this movie and the book . 
dvd neg 892.txt what an incredible waste of acting talent " there was a crooked man " turned out to be . director joseph mankiewicz celebrated for classics such as " all about eve " and " the barefoot contessa " should be embarrassed by this bomb . kirk douglas plays paris pittman jr. a charming , persuasive prisoner incarcerated in territorial prison for ten years for an armed robbery that netted him $500 , 000. he hid the loot prior to his capture . it 's presence is common knowledge among the inmates giving him celebrity status . newly appointed warden woodrow lopeman played by henry fonda is trying to use douglas ' influence to coax the inmates help him initiate prison reform . under the guise of playing along with fonda , douglas secretly plots his escape to be reunited with his ill gotten cash . with an excellent cast including hume cronyn , burgess meredith and lee grant , i expected a whole lot more than this disappointing flick delivered 
music neg 186.txt clipped , petite and looking more like a leather bar anne murray , crow drags out the hits and the ` friends ' for this all-star live bash . half the album is standard issue and straight ahead stage sweat with the morning beer-buzz afficiando going it alone without a little help from her friends ( all i wanna do , everyday is a winding road , a change would do you good , leaving las vegas ) . with only slight variations on these overplayed originals ( a sychopantic crowd and some tinkering with the rhythms ) crow 's solo chores rarely rate more than a grudging ho-hum . the rest of the album is a parade of snap-on tools ( dixie chicks , stevie nicks , eric clapton , sarah mclachlan , chrissie hynde ) who easily steal the spotlight from their downhome hash-slinging waitress / host . reduced to the role of supporting guitarist , crow butters the toast from the sidelines as femme contemporaries like nicks ( who unravels admirably on gold dust woman ) , hynde and mclachlan flounder about the mike in a haphazard hit ( hynde 's if it makes you happy ) -and-miss ( mclachlan 's the difficult kind ) headbutt at crow 's hits . but it is n't until clapton 's suspendered , cigar-chomping husk is rolled out to update cream 's white room that the sour stench of monstrous micalculation reaches it 's devastating climax . fresh from watering the daisies and still in his jammies , clapton 's return to the electric psychedelics of his paleolithic past is a fumbling bumbling fiasco unleashed with the grace and finesse of a diarrhetic brontosaurus . it 's horrifying to think that this is what cream would have sounded like if they had n't broken up . thank god for egos . it 's almost a relief to hear richards mindlessly croak his way through the old stones exile-era toss-off happy , as if a cadaverous ex-junkie with the durability of a cockroach and nine lives would be anything but . besides , richards provides wonderful comic relief and criticizing his artistic capacity is as futile as pointing out the flaws in the bandages on an egyptian mummy . the wrapper finds the entire gang , from spanky nicks to buckwheat clapton , joining hands for a bizarre entreaty with a kindergarten rendition of dylan 's tombstone blues - a fitting finale if there ever was one 
software pos 967.txt this software came with a scanner i recently purchased and i decided to upgrade from the " se " ( striped edition ? ) that was bundled with the device . considering the cost and what the software can do it is an amazing value . by simply using this software to re-create documents instead of retyping them is saving me more an hour or two a day . i was hesitant to puchse it based upon all the recent negative reviews , but decided with the 30 day refund policy i could try it risk free . i 'm glad i did . the software worked flawlessly for me - even on 5th and 6th generation copies that were hard to read with my naked eye ( and i do n't need or wear glasses ) . i 'm not sure what those people that were scanning books were trying to accomplish , but when i scanned some pages from an encyclopedia for my son the ocr worked great ! try it and if it does n't work then return it . 
camera pos 905.txt pros : compact , lightweight , portability , easy to use , big screen , good reproduction cons : microphone sensitive to wind , getting used to not having a viewfinder , bad low light performance . summary : i picked this camera as an upgrade for my old canon zr10. the first reason i chose it was the small size and portability . with a good light conditions , this little beast do its best shots , but in low light conditions this camera disapointed me ( specially compared with mi old zr10 ) . please do n't buy it if you have plans to use it for stills shots because it has a low resolution . the included handycam station have all the ports ( firewire , usb , power , video ) you need to conect it . the big touch screen is a must , because the screen is the only way to access the camera controls ( besides some of them in the edge of the screen ) . you can have a camera with more characteristics and better image quality for the same price , but if your concern is the size and portability this will be your best choice in the world of the mini dv format 
dvd neg 707.txt i like almost all of lifetime 's movies and love tuning in to watch but this was certainly not one of the best . the name bring " obsessed " was not what it should have been called , the lady was dreaming and had an illness . this movie had a horrible twist which made the ending bad and hard to follow and understand the whole way through , this movie was not what i had expected . as i said i like almost all of lifetime original movies but i definitely wa n't be watching this one again . 
software neg 605.txt as another reviewer says : " but the final tax forms i needed to file with were not included on the cd-rom package . turbotax instructed me to get them by using " one-click update . " well after i update and attempt to restart the software , turbotax refuses to come up at all . " exactly . i 've re-installed it over and over and the same thing happens . i 've used turbotax in previous years and never had a problem like this . after spending hours entering in my data , there is apparently no way to get to the final filing stage . with four days before the due date , this is disasterous . their support site offers no hint of a fix . mac users , stay away 
camera pos 786.txt i bought this as a present for my wife . i was looking for something that she could carry in her purse . the automatic functions are easy and functional . it is not an enthusiasts camera : too hard to get into the menus . the screen is easy to turn off ( this sucks battery power ) . and it even has an optical viewfinder ( a rare finding lately ) the optical viewfinder helps to get steady pictures for those of us with the shakes . the pictures are clear and the colors are excellent . the drawback is the that sony batteries cost an arm and a leg . the wire for downloading pix is multifunctional and very proprietary ( read that as expensive if you lose it 
health neg 576.txt i bought this and it worked fine the first time that i used it . granted , it was late summer and the house was pretty warm so it was not to difficult to steam up the bedroom . however , i have tried it in my infant 's room 4 times this winter . i used hot water & salt to try to help it , but the darn thing does not have enough power to make the steam . maybe all of the " steam " energy is being used on the night light ! if you have your home 's thermostat set under 78 degrees , do not waste your money on this item ! find something stronger to get you through the winter months 
music neg 80.txt i had never heard leonard cohen 's music but saw references to it frequently when looking at other singers / songwriters . given his status / reputation i thought i should get this cd and learn what all the fuss was about . having had no preconceptions , i have to say i was quite disappointed . i think the music has not aged well and is pretty unremarkable . perhaps the style liberated others to pursue new directions but the work in and of itself is ho hum at best . specific example that speaks volumes : listen to cohen 's singing of his " hallelujah " and then listen to jeff buckley 's cover of that song on " grace " which was recorded in 1994. sorry , leonard , you cannot hold even a birthday-sized candle to jeff buckley 's rendition of your own song . it is a very unflattering comparison that pretty much put the first and last nail in the coffin for my appreciation of cohen 's legacy . " tant pis , vers le bonheur . 
health neg 878.txt i would have given it zero stars but that is not an option . it stopped working after about 10 minutes of static filled reception . it was difficult to get a station . and it was not a problem with the batteries . run , do n't walk , *away* from this 
dvd pos 701.txt noel and liam and jarvis are f* &king hilarious...damon needs to off himself...same with the weirdo journalist with the upper-class accent...this video is good at making britpop seem like an actual period in music...hahahahaha...whatever...besides , everyone knows radiohead and prodigy were quite accepted in the u.s. and were very original...oasis is an awesome , lethal rock n roll band , anyone who loves rock n roll have to love oasis...do n't cheat yourself. . 
software pos 865.txt i am not a professional reviewer or a tech guru , but based on my experience with this product i am very satisfied . i love the new interface and how easy it is to work with documents and apply formatting with such ease . i have only used it for a month now and i still have to use some of the applications yet . if you have the money and will love to have a new office suite that can give you some happiness working with documents every day , go for it 
books pos 658.txt this is a wonderful overview of a critical sector of the western front . across the region known as flanders , three particularly brutal battles were fought during the first world war with a horrendous loss of life suffered for minimal territorial gains . this book provides enough information about these battles to be informative yet unlike many military histories it avoids becoming boring because it is not overly detailed . it also discusses the battles from all perspectives including the high ranking politicians , the often inept generals but especially from the viewpoint of the poor infantrymen who suffered incredible hardships including shelling , bombing , machine gun fire , gas attacks and wretched weather conditions . in addition the author has a wonderful approach to writing making the book a very absorbing read that is difficult to put down . it is a shame so many historians , including such military writers as david glantz , do not emulate groom 's style 
software neg 799.txt i have always used norton products , and upgraded to is 2007 when my subscription came up for renewal . what a mistake . my computer freezes up all the time , and the software is difficult to use - it is not at all straightforward like previous versions of internet security . do not buy this product . 
books pos 653.txt fantastic pop up book ! easy to keep the preschool children 's attention when telling this story 
camera neg 805.txt i bought this camera about a month ago and i am highly disappointed with it . the quality of the pictures is very poor , showing large grain , even at shq and low iso settings . no combination of settings seems to improve quality 
health neg 673.txt it was not as good as i expected . i felt the quality of this item was cheap . therefore , i returned it 
health neg 237.txt got the bodybare and the ladyfair combo . the ladyfair is cheap and poorly made . it pulls as much hair as it cuts , plus it cuts the skin.the bodybare does nothing at all . it 's so weak and delicate that it wo n't cut anything . do n't waste your money. . 
camera neg 343.txt attention ! i got this lenmar from amazon . however , it is not compatible with my latest model of sony 's dcr-hc96 camcorder ! the camcorder warns you to use infolithium battery , and then shuts down . that 's it 
health neg 469.txt it 's quality is cheap and poorly made . i bought two thinking it was a good deal but i threw them out after 2 days because the on / off switch did n't work . it was also very loud 
music neg 61.txt this album is the worst dcfc album , why........ . ill tell you why its boring , its repetitive , its way to mellow and im all for mellow but this is ridculous . i mean this is the type of mellow that puts people to sleep , especially the last track . oh my god ! ! ! that song is sooooo boring , its called stability and it will put you to sleep . i am a fan of dfcf and i loved their other albums we have the facts , plans , etc.... . but honestly this album did not click with me . i tried listing to the songs again to see if i would probably grow accustome to it , but no that didnt work . sure this album has its moments , but trust me when i say your not missing out on anything . i would not buy the album , instead buy the 2 stand out songs off itunes or napster ; a movie script ending and we laugh indoors . the only 2 stand out tracks 
health neg 88.txt in the user manual there is a whole list of people who it will provide inaccurate body fat percentage measurements for and body builders are one of them . i wish i had known this before . now i have to waste about $20 in shipping to return it . do not buy for body fat measurement 
camera pos 988.txt love my new jvc everio . the original model just used compact flash cards , but the new everio gz uses an ipod like hard drive that lets you store a year 's worth of video on it ! tape is definitely dead , and dvd camcorder 's 30 mintues a disc does n't hold a candle to the everio . the only issue i had was that the software that come with it was pretty basic , but all the other video editing software programs did n't recognize the everio video files ( .mod files which contain mpeg2 video and dolby stereo audio ) . i did finally find adobe premiere elements 2.0 which supports this new file type natively . it has made editing a breeze . 
camera pos 613.txt received camera exactly as described . easy and smooth transaction would by from this vendor again . thank 
music pos 304.txt please do yourself a favor and buy this cd ! whatever you do , dont listen to it in your car though . no kidding aside , i almost ran my car off the road because i was laughing so hard 
dvd pos 197.txt the aids situation is far greater than we are told / the corruption in africa is horrific / the situation is beyond any horror film 's scare anytime / this film of lecarre 's novel bears great importance to our future , our destiny . one of the most important films ever made ! actors like ralph fiennes & rachel weitz need more commendation for it and director fernando merelles is a genius . agripping thriller for the serious moviegover.bravo 50 stars 
health pos 324.txt this works best for me . i do n't like a wet or greasy look . this holds well , then dries as if nothing is on the hair . without it , my hair falls down into my eyes . i think it 's the best 
music neg 157.txt sarah brightman is one of my all time favorite artists . but this disc is just a complete waste . it is missing so much , and has too many songs that do n't belong . like the phantom songs . as much as i love them , save them for the andrew llyod webber collections . ca n't we have a nice singles collection with just her solo works starting from " dive " ? her " classics " album had it right . except their version of " captain nemo " was the rip off live version . and this cd does n't even have the captain nemo song , which is a huge fan favorite , and definitly was a single . it is also missing how can heaven love me , eden , harem , and beautiful . all singles as well . save your money . either buy the " classics " album for a somewhat better compilation , or just make your own mix like i did . because sarah has so many wonderful songs ( and quite a few bad ones i will admit ) and it seems on here they give you some bad ones ( like requium and nella fantasia ) , and leave out the good ones . " it 's a beautiful day " and " what you never know " are good , but are the weakest songs form harem . why on earth would you leave out " harem " and " beautiful " , but leave on beautiful day and wynk ? whoever put this set list together must have not put much thought into it and is just trying to cash in . i bet sarah did n't have much say in this compilation . this is just a waste . beautiful album cover though 
health pos 398.txt this hair dryer is truly a professional , salon type dryer . many dryers are advertised as such , but this one lives up to that reputation . very sleek , beautiful coloring and easy to handle with turbo feature . this was a surprise ( turbo ) which i 'm enjoying , coupled with the smooth and strong drying . the sound is even pleasant , not too loud , and it works quickly . ( especially since i have very thick hair ) i would recommend this dryer as an excellent buy for the inexpensive price . aj in n 
camera pos 310.txt an excellent flash to use with my canon 20d at a fantastic price , the canon 580ex was an expensive option , but should i buy one in the future ? the 430ex is perfect as a slave unit . great product from canon as always 
camera pos 319.txt this gadget is a must-have for gadget lovers.....and picture lovers . it is compact , solid and fits any small pocket or clutch bag . the images are crisp if you get it set appropriately . if you love attention get this product and if you do n't .....not to worry the camera gets all of it . 
dvd pos 155.txt in alan alda 's & quot ; betsy 's wedding&quot ; , he is eddie hopper , a construction foreman and architect . his daughter betsy ( molly ringwald ) and her boyfriend jake lovell ( dylan walsh ) announce their engagement at a family gathering . betsy 's sister connie ( ally sheedy ) is happy herself but jealously upset because she ca n't find herself a man . the late madeline kahn is lola , eddie 's wife . at the gathering lola 's sister gloria henner ( catherine o'hara ) tells her she plans to get even with her husband oscar ( oscar winner joe pesci ) for all his inept schemes . gloria says & quot ; someday , when i have my nice little nestegg , i can take a walk and he can go f- - - himself . &quot ; anthony lapaglia is stevie dee , a guy who would later in the film become connie 's boyfriend . stevie dee 's uncle georgie ( burt young ) is a business associate of oscar's . there 's once scene where when betsy and jake meet with the man performing their wedding ceremony , the dixie cups ' chapel of love is played . they want to be pronounced & quot ; husband and wife&quot ; instead of & quot ; man and wife&quot ; and they have & quot ; obey&quot ; omitted from & quot ; love , honor and obey&quot ; . the late julie bovasso plays rose , eddie 's mother and joey bishop is eddie 's deceased father . the father , as a ghost , is seen and heard only by eddie . the wedding was somewhat disasterous . it took place in a rented tent on a rainy evening . the tent was made of cheap , not-too-strong materials so a hole in the roof where the rain fell into increased to the point where it caved in . after a heated argument between gloria and oscar at the reception also in the tent , gloria pulls a loose thread causing the growing hole and the dowse of fallen rain . so connie and stevie dee can be together more often , stevie dee applies to the police academy , since connie 's a cop . unbelievably , the wedding dinner was pizza ! by the way , oscar planned to divorce gloria and become romantically involved with his secretary , who also attended betsy 's and jake 's wedding . that was one of the things that led to the argument . the wedding ceremony was performed in the jewish style . jake stepped on a wine glass wrapped in a cloth napkin . this film was alan alda 's most successful and not a minor hit like & quot ; a new life&quot ; , another one of his personally scripted films 
dvd pos 284.txt i 'm an elementary school teacher in fairfax county virginia . dance in a huge part of the curriculim here . this video has given me so many ideas for the classroom ! learn to hip hop truly inspired me and the kids ! ! it 's fun , motivational , and easy . it 's a must for every p.e. teacher ! ! 
dvd neg 300.txt guess i 'm in the minority about this , but this play ( not a movie ) left me thinking that i wasted my money . i enjoyed madea , she is a great character . i never seem to care about the rest of the people or their problems . for me the only thing funny about it was when madea took the stage , the rest of it was simply boring 
health pos 63.txt this is one of the best-tasting energy / snack bars i 've tried . it has true flavors ( think a chewy chocolate brownie with small chocolate chips ) , little or no " off " flavors or aftertastes , and it 's relatively filling , especially if accompanied by water or an additional quick snack , such as fruit . it 's a small bar , but it 's packed with 3 grams of fiber ( 12% of daily needs based on a 2 , 000 calorie diet ) , and it 's certified 95% organic . these organic ingredients include organic rolled oats , organic oat flour , organic oat fiber , organic and milled flaxseed , and actual natural flavors . even the sweet stuff is organic : , including organic chocolate ( made with- -you guessed it- -organic evaporated cane juice ) , soy butter , cocoa powder , cocoa butter , tapioca syrup , and fig paste . clif 's website proclaims that " clif zbar is the first kids ' snack created to comply with sb-19 , california 's senate bill limiting fat and sugar in foods offered within the state 's school system...we source ingredients which do not contain wheat and are not genetically engineered . " although aimed at kids , adults and teens will enjoy this as well . ingredients : organic rolled oats , organic chocolate chips ( organic evaporated cane juice , organic unsweetened chocolate , organic cocoa butter , soy lecithin , natural flavors ) , organic evaporated cane juice syrup , organic brown rice syrup , organic tapioca syrup , organic fig paste , organic oat flour , organic cocoa powder , organic soy butter , natural flavors , organic oat fiber , organic milled flaxseed , organic chocolate ( organic evaporated cane juice , organic unsweetened chocolate , organic cocoa butter , soy lecithin ) , salt , baking soda . for those with allegies , clif includes the following caution " contains soy . may contain traces of milk , peanuts and other nuts . " vitamins & minerals : calcium carbonate , ascorbic acid ( vit . c ) , niacinamide ( vit . b3 ) , ferric orthophosphate ( iron ) , zinc oxide , cyanocobalamin ( vit . b12 ) , thiamine mononitrate ( vit . b1 ) , pyridoxine hydrochloride ( vit . b6 ) , riboflavin ( vit . b2 ) , folic acid ( vit . b9 ) , beta carotene ( vit a ) . nutritional information : in one bar ( 36 grams ) there are 120 calories , 3 grams of fat ( 5% of percent daily values based on a 2 , 000 calorie diet ) , of which one gram s saturated fat ( but no trans fat ) , 0 cholesterol , 12 grams sugar , a total of 22 grams carbohydrates ( 7% ) , which includes 12 grams of sugar and 10 grams of other carbohydrates , 125 mg of sodium ( 4% ) , 110 mg . potassium ( 3% ) , 3 grams of dietary fiber ( 12% ) and a gram of insoluble fiber , and the following vitamins and minerals : vitamin a ( 6% ) , b1 ( 30% ) , b2 ( 15% ) , b3 ( 20% ) , b6 ( 20% ) , b12 ( 10% ) , % ) . c ( 35% ) , iron ( 10% ) , zinc ( 15% ) , phosphorus ( 20% ) , and folate ( 20% ) . i do n't think there 's a similar product around that can compete with the taste , purity , and nutritional value of this popular new treat 
books pos 525.txt this is a great book to have in your collection if you 're a fan of blues music and history . by far , it 's not the only book out there . there are a number of notable artists this book is missing . hopefully , future editions of this book will begin to fill some of the gaps . that being said , this is a very good reference just the same 
health neg 517.txt i bought this product in rite aid . unfortunately , it irriates my face . they are scamming people just to buy this product . instead of repairing my face , this product damage my face . there are a lot of wierd red spot that grows on my face since i start using this . now , i need to go to the dermatologist and have a surgery due to this product . if i knew this will happen , i will not waste my money to buy this product . 
books pos 141.txt " the great locomotive chase " is the stuff of legend . this somewhat obscure event , which commemorated the first anniversary of the first shots on fort sumter , could too easily be written off among civil war devotees as a lark , a foolhardy distraction from the inexorable march from shiloh to the seven days , to second manassas , to the three more years of bloodletting that were required in order to form a more perfect union . but first-time author russell bonds does a masterful job of taking this adventure story on its own terms , telling it well , and placing it in its proper context . the raid itself is a gripping story of intrigue , espionage , and derring-do . and if mr. bonds had only told the tale itself , this book would be well worth the read . but what sets this distinguished this book apart from so much civil war writing is mr. bonds 's ability to tell this gripping tale objectively , while putting it in its proper context . the author sets the table with a relatively brief yet thorough overview of the strategic arrangement of the war nine months after first manassas . and by doing so , and by explaining why the raid , coupled with the deep penetration of general ormsby mitchell into tennessee and north alabama , offered the fleeting chance to cut the confederacy in two and thereby hasten the end of the war , mr. bonds gives the otherwise reckless �lan of the raiders its proper place . andrews and his raiders were not off on a lark , even though students of the era will have the natural reaction , " what were they thinking ? " mr. bonds answers that question , and the answer , as incongruous as it may seem , reminds the reader that there was so much more to the great war than the epic battles of the armies of the potomac and northern virginia . if the author had done nothing more than told the story of the great raid , reconciling contemporary accounts that were so often embellished , this would be a wonderful adventure story , in the great tradition of shelby foote 's narrative history of the war . but this book does so much more . it puts the raid in its proper strategic context , and it tells the story of the gallant raiders after the raid itself failed . this book will satisfy both the devoted civil war critic and the general reader who loves a historical tale well-told . 
software pos 5.txt i was afraid at first not to order directly from adobe but decided to take the cheaper route . it was obviously worth it - everything arrived perfectly - wrapped up , original cd set , etc. shipped in record time as well . eyal 
camera pos 363.txt my first digicam , bought it 2 years ago . simple to use , great pictures , and a year ago ( and hundreds of pictures ago ) i dropped it ( no in its case ) on a cobblestone road - no damage . have never seen the need to replace it . i like the common batteries it uses and the sd memory 
music neg 313.txt i forgot how bad this album was until i popped it into my cd player the other day . it seems like every song has one or two parts that are totally killer , followed by 3-4 minutes of boredom . the song " epic problem " is good throughout , and full disclosure is excellent except for the horrible screamed verses . strangelight is awesome too , and not very typical of fugazi . the kill is also good in the same way , it 's very chilled out . past these few standout tracks ( which would n't be standouts at all on any other album of theirs ) there is n't much reason to listen to the album . it 's incredibly boring . i suggest picking up any other fugazi album first , maybe 13 songs , red medicine or in on the kill taker 
music neg 279.txt god , i ca n't believe this guy . ja rule was never a gangsta in his life , he ca n't talk gangsta . and stop trying to be like tupac , tupac actually was a gangsta . your a fake and if he was still alive he would not only not role with you but diss you so badly you 'd wet your pants . this guy should be booted out of the game , not only his he lying when he talks all this gangsta s*** as if he went through it , his ruining hip hop . yeah and ja , stop dissing eminem and 50. you know perfectly well that they 'd kill you in a battle anyday . ja rule has always been s***. go listen to real rap 
health pos 233.txt i bought this for my aged mom after she confessed that the big plush expensive terry towel i 'd bought her was just too heavy for her to handle . she *adores* the microfiber towels i got her ! they are light for her weak arms , they are so very absorbent that one or two passes gets her dry and that 's particularly important with the delicate skin of the elderly . not to mention that i , a hearty creature in my prime , love these towels too ! i shall be buying more of various styles and colors 
software pos 24.txt the product has very good themes and screen savers . some the other functions are not useful to me but hopefully i will use them in the future 
health neg 456.txt these hair topia pills are nothing but garbage ! pure nonsense ! trust me , i know this because i used to buy them . i first bought these pills last year in june 2005 after hair formula 37 's unsuccessful promise of producing longer and stronger hair in the four months of usage . well , these pills were not as expensive as the previous brand mentioned , and had promised also to change dry and brittle hair to long and healthy , and it did absolute nothing . i said to myself , like hair formula 37 , that maybe i just need to give this more time , so i bought a 2-month supply and gave it 3 months in all and there was no difference at all . this product might just work for others , which it has , but it certainly did n't work for me . i must admit that i brought this on myself , as my mother warned me not to buy these ridiculously expensive pill since they do nothing for hair that grows naturally anyway , and that if you really want to get hair pills then just buy them a whole lot cheaper in regular stores like giant or even hair vitamins in the damn dollar store ! these hair growth pills are too damn expensive , so when you are paying all of that money then you expect it to work . the fact that it does not is infuriating because $39.99 + $7 in shipping , with a total of a little over $46 , is a lot of money to spend on something that does nothing . thus , i am here to warn others not to waste their precious money . and if you are going to , please do n't do it on this site-you can buy this product a little cheaper at hairboutique.com . 
dvd pos 275.txt well , it was good . i enjoyed it , but it was not the best plot and the characters had 2-d personalitys. . the worst thing , though , was how abruptly it ended . other than that it had that great japanese animation , and it was pretty fun to watch 
software neg 641.txt i am very disappointed in this program . i have been doing my own graphics / cards for about 10 years . i started with print shop ( early edition ) and progressed thru all the updates . i then switched to printmaster and loved it ! ! ! again , i have progressed to each new verion with very little or no problems...until now ! this has got to be the worst of the worst- - - the program did not want to load without being babied . when it finally loaded , it was very confusing and i found that i needed to get my graphics from the internet ! the area i live in only allows me to have dial up- --you can imagine how long it takes to get the graphics i want ! if you are interested in doing your own graphics / cards , skip this program...go back to printmaster platinum 16 for much better results . as far as i am concerened , the river deep company needs to hide this edition in the deepest river they can find 
software pos 857.txt i can never understand why others would want to use anything else , i have tried four others and this one has been the best of all . i now have been using this product starting about 1989 , i upgrade about every 3 to four year 
dvd neg 653.txt this movie is a dog , pure and simple . we ended up with two of these are the freebie give aways for the last few dvd players we bought . they ca n't sell it , so they 're giving them away . hide ...fast 
books pos 427.txt this was a fabulous resource for understanding the evolution of the marian cult . the one weakness of this book is that it did not deal with the pre-christian origins of the marian cult . other resources , however , cover the evolution of the anatolian fertility cult of cybele into the roman magna mater and later into the so-called & quot ; bvm&quot ; . the author does a good job of showing the origins of various aspects of mariology and contrasting these developments with christianity in the west . the author has done a great service to those who wish to more fully understand the syncretic process which blended christianity with various pagan religions and medeival political structures to create the roman catholic church 
dvd pos 210.txt this is an outstanding documentary of the campaign team that changed presidential campaigning . one does not need to love the results of these changes ( i personally believe that this campaign was the beginning of the end of democracy as we know it , even as i marveled at the talent and loved the outcome of the election ) to appreciate how clinton 's 1992 campaign , as seen in this film , changed the american political world . " war room " should be seen along with more recent documentaries ( like , for example , " staffers ' 04 " ) to see the difference between a campaign that used techniques to achieve a goal and campaigns that use the same techniques as the goal ( to be elected rather than to govern ) . hopefully , it will encourage you to do what you can to return political campaigns to discussions of ideas rather than the useless , mind-numbing , dumbing down assessments of candidate traits ( like " character " or " integrity " ) we seem to have resorted to in the past ten years 
software pos 970.txt we have used scansoft / nuance products for over five years - as a matter of fact i am writing this review using dragon 8. omnipage pro 15 along with the pdf converter is by far the best on the market . the technical support has been fantastic throughout the years and the engineers always had open ears for recommended changes . omnipage pro 15 has saved me thousands of dollars because of its unbelievable ocr accuracy . with a click and a choice i can now convert a pdf document into xl as spreadsheet . before this technology was created it was such a hassle . when i have to fill out a form omnipage pro 15 uses the saved information to help me . the program can run in the background and does not freeze or slow down my system . edward lampl president of healthcare recruitment stuart search group 
software neg 41.txt i 've owned this software since it 's ridiculously overpriced $500 1.0 inception . even at it 's latest 1.5.1 $299 version apple should still be ashamed of themselves . i use final cut studio and own 3 recent macs , so i 've been devoted to apple to say the least . i am a professional wedding photographer / videographer . i have been more than patient with this software . it looks great , up to apple 's standards in design and vision but remains absolutely plagued with bugs . and unless you pay apple laughable amounts of money ( much more than the cost of the software itself ! ) , they will not provide support on anything except installation...even if there software update is the source of the issue . as someone who has been such an apple fan , i feel obligated to let everyone know that unless you enjoy pulling your hair out and repeating tasks over and over again do yourself a favor and download lightroom from adobe . 
dvd pos 768.txt as socrates once said " i drank what ? " frank bigelow ( edmond o'brien , you may remember him as winston smith in ` 1984 ' 1956 ) realizes after he had a one night fling that he does not feel so good . he feels bad enough to see a doctor . yep he is d.o.a. ( dead on arrival ) as he has been poisoned and only has a little time left to live . obsessed with finding out who did it and why , frank has to reconstruct his wild night . will he find out in time ? if so what then ? 
camera neg 962.txt just turned out ot be more complicated to set up than i wanted . never used . returned it 
music pos 746.txt martina mcbride 's " emotion " album contains many pop country elements , but is still nonetheless a great album . here 's how i rate each song . ( out of a 5 star scale ) 1 ) do what you do - good song , but takes a little to get used to . ( 4 stars ) 2 ) anything 's better than feeling the blues - good songs , good lyrics . ( 4 stars ) 3 ) i love you - great song , martina 's most successful song on the country charts , spending 5 weeks in the top spot . ( 5 stars ) 4 ) make me believe - great song about whether one 's love is true or not... . i love the lyric " but it 's hard to start a fire without a spark ( 5 stars ) 5 ) love 's the only house - this song will draw a strong connection to your heart . the song is spectacular and speaks the truth.. . love is truly the only house big enough for all the world 's pain . the video to this song is very touching as well . go martina ! ( 5 stars ) 6 ) there you are - a perfect wedding song.. . she hold the " are " note for at least 12+ seconds near the end . ( 5 stars ) if you hear this song live , she holds the note 15 seconds ! ! ! ! ( so live this song will be 6 stars / 5 stars ! ! ! ! ) 7 ) it 's my time - the first song that i ever heard martina perform live in the ama awards.. . she rocked the house down with this song.. . she also holds a 10 second note at this song . love that range of hers . ( 5 stars ) 8 ) i ai n't goin ' nowhere - i like this song and its message about being there for a significant other . ( 5 stars ) 9 ) anything and everything - the lyrics and martina 's gentle vocal performance on this song are perfection . ( 5 stars ) 10 ) from the ashes - another standout song on this album . she holds some high notes in this one too . ( 5 stars ) 11 ) goodbye - a solid performance , i llike how martina goes lower and softer in some parts of the song . ( 4 stars ) 12 ) this uncivil war - the best song on the album ! ! ! ! amazing ! ! ! ! written by gretchen , the writer of martina 's career hit " indepedence day . " a very emotional song , which defines the title of the album . the ending is a real treat as well . ( 6 stars ! ) this album is definitely worth purchasing ! ! ! it helps complete my collection of martina 's albums 
camera neg 537.txt the camera takes a long time between pictures to regenerate for the next picture . compared to other digital camera 's this has presented a problem for the two users i purchased these camera 's for . also the flash does not adjust for the correct exposure at protraits within 3 to 5 feet . the pictures are too hot , over exposed and no adjustment works properly . 
camera neg 308.txt i bought this toy a year ago and tried it on my etx-90ec telescope all i got is hazy moon video , the resolution is poor the maximum pixels is 640*420 which is very pooooooor resolution it didnt reach even 1 mega pixels , hey we 've got now 12 megapixels chips why dont provide it celstron ? ? ? tried to edit it with the included poor software but it was useless i thought it might need bigger telescope so the aperture would be higher and i might able to see some stars or galaxies as per advertisement i went to my cousin who has lx90 8 " telescope , the result was bright dots seem to be stars i dont recommend this toy its a waste of money if you want really to take serious photograph try to attach your film or digital camera to your telescope by t-adapte 
music neg 956.txt what an outrageous group , how can anyone like this rubbish . maybe an horde of brainless people . how i feel happy in being intelligent , and live my life with things of absolute quality and not consuming this kind of food for mediocres . how said romans , " it 's just bread and circus to the poors " . give to people what they deserve , rubbish ! it 's because you mediocre people that buy this , that this kind of people , the members of this group , get money and laughs behind the scenes about how dumb people can be . it 's the same horde that buy , beyonce , spears , madona , and other outrageous poor music . 
camera neg 176.txt i have been using this cord for about a year , and i had problems with its durability . it actually worked fine for a for the first 5 months , but then it started to fall apart . when mounted on the hotshoe of my flash bracket , the thin plastic shoe ( where the flash is attached to ) developed a crack and eventually broke off , making it useless to mount the flash . i had to buy a replacement part from canon ( who charged me $16 for this small plastic piece ) . i flipped the flash carefully from then on , but then it still cracked ! ! i wrote to canon and asked them to reinforce the bottom maybe made of metal instead of thin plastic . so far , there is no response . a few months later , the cord , for some unknown reason , makes my 550ex flash switch from the ettl to ttl mode , and making the flash fire at full power , overexposing the entire image . i checked the flash by putting it directly on the camera 's hotshoe , and the flash worked fine , switching back to the ettl mode . for a piece of equipment from canon , it 's hard to imagine it giving so many problems . it 's like they only paid tons more attention to their cameras than their accessories . as there are no other oem manufacturers of this cord , i am forced to get another one and hope for the best . 
health pos 842.txt these wipes are great . i have three children and have used the pampers , huggies , and house-brand wipes . the huggies are too thick and it seems you need more of them to get the job done . house-brand do n't smell as good and tend to be a bit rough . the pampers are thin , soft , and moist enough to get the job done-because they are thin , they can be maneuvered around in all the important places and folded / refolded for 100% useage ( unlike the huggies that once they are folded they become too thick to maneuver ) . definitely not too dry as other reviewers have said . if you want something moister , go get a paper towel and wet it with water 
health neg 810.txt i bought this hoping this will be better than shaving and last longer , but its not good , first of all it does n't remove all the hair and second its very very painful and very very slow , if you have lots of free time to spend shaving the most painful way posible ( i have done wax and wax does n't hurt compare to this ) then this is your product . other bad thing it produces ingrown hair the horror ! 
software pos 36.txt the software does a lot of great things . you can start basic and work your way up to the more difficult tasks . the system does run a bit slow and takes a long time to shut off but other than that , it is great software 
dvd pos 659.txt i just finished watching callie and son . i got my copy from the dollar store and it has another movie ( power passion and murder ) with michelle pfeiffer in it as well.. . it really was n't that bad , considering the price i paid . lindsay wagner is actually the main character and i think she did a great job , as did most of the actors in this film . the only trouble is the movie lasted about a hour longer than it needed to . with a bit of editing and a bit better script , it would have been a great movie ! the end was somewhat unexpected and horrifying.. . i 'd recommend it for someone to watch once , but i would n't pay more than i did for it . the dvd quality is really poor , the sound fades in and out , but for what it was , a bargain bin cheapy , i was pleasantly surprised by how much i enjoyed it . 
camera pos 790.txt thank you for showing me , i will use it as many times when it comes into my mailbox soon 
books neg 523.txt i have reviewed all 31 chapters of psycho-babble in the book ( and the epilogue too ) . a very " nice " read . indeed entertaining and yes , funny in many ways . they also use doubtfull suggestions - like bringing " doughnuts " because people like them ! ? they also " demystify " some " myths " about teamwork . ( i do not know where they got those myths from ) - another fragment of their imagination , i suppose . this " business " book is more of a " romantic novel " about something relating to " teams " , full of anecdotal references ( very life-like ) - but totally unsubstantiated , wanting us to " believe " that indeed , " teams things " are like they describe it . from an entertaining point of view - very . from an academic point of view - null . for a business person - if you have time to waist , have fun . it is interesting to note that they got a uk award for their book . ( for entertaining i suppose ) . i guess this is a way of promoting the book . good marketing technique . 
software pos 939.txt i purchased this product to put 2 cds together . i had never attempted something like this and was a total novice . audio cleaning lab was terrific ! i found it easy to understand and use , with unexpected options that improved the project i was working on . my one word to describe it- - - simple....or maybe...effective...or maybe...straightforward...or maybe...uncomplicated...or maybe...useful...or maybe...valuable...or maybe. . 
books neg 222.txt this book is pure fiction , nothing more . the problem is that is presented as fact - albeit little known fact . i wo n't repeat the good points made by some of the other reviewers , except to say that i also concur with the criticisms of the book . it makes for difficult reading . it really is not worth the effort , as you will not have any worthwhile information in the end . in fact , if you are a historian or scholar , stay away from it 
health neg 921.txt 1500 mgs etc.. . advertised , is misleading as 1500 mgs refer to the daily recommended dose contained in two pills . honest advertising would quote 750 mgs etc.. . per pill ! i will definitively not purchase any product from that unreliable source . i believe amazon should check it 's suppliers with more scrutiny as their misconduct reflects on amazon - a generally very reliable ecommerce site . nessim 
dvd pos 316.txt i started watching it and could n't stop . i read the book a long time ago and i still think that 's better but the movie is really good too . highly recommended 
music neg 832.txt bobby bare is a great singer , one of the most underrated country singers ever . however , most of the songs on this cd pale in comparison to his earlier work like & quot ; detroit city&quot ; and & quot ; millers cave&quot ; 
health neg 196.txt first , ou can barely tell this product makes a change in humidity levels in the room . secondly , it is extremely noisy and interferes with baby monitor 
software pos 781.txt i teach presentation skills , so i 'm always on the lookout for things that make powerpoint better . i 've tried and recommended other software in the past , but none of them have the power of ovation . this is an outstanding piece of software . the visual effects are stunning , and it 's so easy to use that a child could learn it in a few minutes . powerpoint is boring , and everyone 's presentations look the same . not any more ! full-motion backgrounds and effects really jazz up your presentations , and they have over 100 professional-looking business themes available . see their website ( seriousmagic dot com ) for a demonstration of what it can do . all you have to do is drag and drop your powerpoint presentation on the ovation icon , choose a theme and the effects , and voila ! - a new presentation ! the current version 1.0 can not process embedded video or audio files , but they say that will be fixed with the first patch within the next month or two . despite that shortcoming , this is the best powerpoint enhancement available - heads and shoulders above the competitors 
dvd pos 75.txt this has to be the best of the alien films ! this film , although not as scary as the original ( i mean that it did not scare me as much as alien ) , it is much more exciting and enjoyable than the first . also , this would have been an ideal conclusion to the series . go on , buy the collector 's edition of the first and this and enjoy 
dvd pos 51.txt scrubs has been a model of consistency in its five seasons- -and to interrupt myself , why are n't we anticipating season five instead of season four ? and boo ! on them for being so slow to bring the show out on dvd ! - -and season four is no exception . i recently rewatched seasons 1 through 3 on dvd with my daughter and it really brought home just how great this series has been from the very beginning to the present . if you visit boards there are always prognosticators who declare that it is n't as good as it used to be , but i would be dishonest if i said that i detected any decline . one thing i 've really enjoyed is that unlike situation comedies , this one really does have an overall story arc , and i really appreciate bill lawrence and co. taking the time to reward fans of the show in this way . the story in season four revolves largely around the very , very gradual repair of the friendship between jd and elliott . fans of the show know that at the end of season three jd , utterly smitten by elliott , had expressed his love for her , causing her to break off her relationship with her boyfriend to be with jd . no sooner had he done this , however , he once again felt trapped and almost immediately broke things off with her . season four opens with her filled with hatred of him , complicated by the fact that she and he are named co-chief residents ( though there is wonderful confusion over the fact that the name plate on her door reads- -thanks to janitor- - " chief resident " and his misleadingly reads " co-chief resident , " causing many to imagine that she is over him ) . some of my favorite visuals in the series are of jd and elliott wedged into their ultra tiny office , barely large enough for the desk they face each other across . of course , eventually they patch things up , but for the first season have no kind of romantic entanglement . given the intensity of the events of the ends of season three , any sort of getting together would certainly have ended with elliott murdering jd . the season ends with carla and turk urging jd to move out and get a place of his own , which leads to an interesting roommate situation in season five . season four continued the scrubs tradition of having some very high profile guest stars . this was marred somewhat by having the absolutely dreadful colin farrell on one episode , an episode through which he drifted as if completely drunk or totally bored ( there have been very few bad episodes of scrubs , but this episode ranks near the bottom ) . the always delightful heather graham sparkled through several episodes earlier in the season . matthew perry stopped by for an episode less interesting for his presence than for his being teamed with his father , jonathan bennett perry , a country singer best known to most people as the old spice sailor . tara reid puts in another appearance as jd 's terrible sometimes girlfriend while molly shannon is in another episode . and julianna margulies of er appears in a couple of episodes . the great tragedy with scrubs is that it remains something of a secret . the only comedy better than scrubs in the past few years has been arrested development ( most fans of one show tend to be a fan of the other as well , and the lead of each show appeared on the other , zach braff as the producer of the girls with low self-esteem series of videos on ar and jason bateman as a patient on scrubs ) and while it won a large number of awards , its ratings were worse than scrubs . this show has decent ratings , but shockingly few awards . how terrible shows like everybody loves raymond and the formerly good but now dull will and grace beat it out for awards is mystifying . and how did it manage only one emmy nomination ? it was nominated for best comedy series , but why was n't zach braff nominated for best comic actor and john c . mcginley and donald faison for best supporting actor in a comedy series and sarah chalke for best supporting actress in a comedy series ? how is that possible ? much ink has been spilt on how the 2006 emmy nominations have made less sense than any in memory ( lauren graham yet again not nominated , though clearly the best comic actress on tv for at least five years and five vastly less talented women were nominated instead of her ; lost not nominated ; no nominations for veronica mars ; jason lee not nominated for my name is earl ; neither michael chiklis , hugh laurie , nor james gandolofini nominated for best actor , while martin sheen who was barely appeared in this year 's west wing ; while shows way , way , way , way past their prime like will and grace and the west wing nominated ; and the list goes on ) but zach braff 's failure to be nominated while charlie sheen and kevin james did is just one more reason not to take the emmys seriously at all . at least the golden globes more or else get it right . anyway , awards aside , and armed with the knowledge that the best shows are usually neglected by the emmys ( how many emmy nods did buffy get despite most of the nation 's best tv critics passionately begging each year for it to get the recognition it deserved ) , fans of the show will be delighted with season four and if you are n't a fan , you should be . but do n't start with season four . go back and do it right . either buy or rent ( i recommend buying- -you 'll want to watch this more than once ) season one , then work your way forward . many pleasurable hours will result 
camera neg 839.txt very dissappointed . my son ( i bought this for them ) hooked it up and there is so much interference it cannot be used . audio just static and noise . i did find it interesting that the instructions tell you it might not work . try telling this to me before i purchase thank you . this is the last i purchase equipment on-line . i will stick to books thank you very much 
camera neg 996.txt bag is ok but you must be careful if your moving around a lot . with extra batteries in the top zip compartment it is really top heavy and tips upside down while on your shoulder if the camera is out of it . the velcro does not hold it closed well either . my memory card fell out of the bag during one of these episodes , thank goodness my husband noticed 
books pos 352.txt i requested this book for my college music class . i saw many offers from b&n and other book stores and i found amazon having the best price and received the book on time . the book was in great condition and my fellow students were surprised when they heard the price and the shipping response . i totally recommend this site and book for school . the book was comprehensible and well illustrated . 
books neg 462.txt the book is obviously well-researched and the chapter on the riders was interesting . however , the author included a lot of details that just really did n't matter-as if he threw in the entire contents of his research rather than sifting out the relevant facts . the photos and illustrations that he used were illuminating and contributed to the educational value of the book . my professor was able to bring dr. schrag to talk to our class . he was a good lecturer-keeping the class ' interest with humor and introducing us to new ways to look at photography and the metro . if he could make his writing style more like his teaching style , i think he would have much more success as an author 
dvd pos 190.txt i only watched this because joseph d'onofrio is in it , this movie is totall genious though 
camera pos 805.txt i did a lot of research before buying the pv-gs250. now that i have the camera in my hands i know i made a great choice . great image quality . great build quality . the low light problems you read about are not really a big deal . in a noramlly lit room everything is fine . 
music neg 509.txt 1. let 's get it started : d- . why not start now 17 with a bad song ? 2. lean back : f . continuing until futher notice.. . 3. goodies : f . 4. i like that : f . 5. ch-check it out : c- . beastie boys are n't that good anymore . 6. my place : f . starting to continue again.. . 7. sunshine : f . 8. you & me : f . 9. why ? : f . 10. locked up : f . 11. baby it 's you : f . 12. angels : f . 13. one thing : d- . 14. dare you to move : d- . 15. cold : a+. alert ! alert ! we have issued a good song ! 16. pieces of me : a+. gotta love ash. 17. take me out : a+. awesome ! 18. 1985 : b- . it 's just ok . 19. here for the party : f . eww ! 20. days go by : f . country sucks ! another now futuring only 4 good songs , " cold " , " take me out " , " pieces of me " , and " 1985 " . skip this one 
dvd pos 989.txt & quot ; above suspicion&quot ; offers both a plausible plot and realistic character portrayals . the dilemma of the story becomes apparent when a family man 's ( bakula 's ) past comes back to haunt him , consequently tearing his life and his family apart . his wife ( sciorra ) becomes more and more unsure of her husband as the story progresses . & quot ; above suspicion&quot ; has the qualities of an intense psychological thriller , as well as a heart warmer . it 's a must see for almost any movie fan . just do n't confuse this & quot ; above suspicion&quot ; with the film starring christopher reve 
books neg 648.txt bestseller -stupid plot -horrible plot -dumb characters i have one conculsion matthew reilly was trying to buy up all the copies of this book to save himself from embrassmen 
books neg 19.txt the book jacket for " the ruins " offers a can't -miss premise : a group of post-grad american tourists at play in mexico jump at the chance for a little adventure among mayan ruins but find but then find themselves in unimaginable danger . it 's the stuff of great summer thrillers ready to be taken to the beach . but 319 pages later , the reader is left to wonder whether or not the publisher put the wrong book in the jacket . almost immediately , you 'll notice that smith 's writing is as dense as the jungles that make the setting . however , despite the endless stream of words , his descriptions are often threadbare . plus , there are no chapter breaks , which eventually pushes the pace until it feels like an assignment to continue . next , the characters themselves begin to fall flat . there are only really two couples to keep track of , and yet it 's difficult for the first third of the book to distinguish them . there is little to keep you interested in what they 're doing or why they might be doing it . smith 's attempts at developing these four as characters come in fits and spurts . this seems obviously haphazard and hurried - the author is jamming in backstory whenever needed to explain characters ' actions as if he were patching leaks in a dam . by the end of the book , the foursome seems to be as disinterested in each other as the reader is in them . and for the readers who are hoping to discover something of interest in the setting such as mayan mythology or archeological lore , forget it . aside from language barriers with the locals , there is no reason why this fantastical story could n't have been set in the wilds of the rocky mountains , the saharan desert , or anywhere else . the danger posed has nothing to do with mexico , archeology or mythology at all . ah yes , the danger posed . well , i ca n't say much at all because anyone could give away the entire book with one line of explanation - that 's how thin the plot is . the numerous other reviews that fault this as a short story masquerading as a novel are exactly right . suffice it to say that when you do realize what the danger is ( and you 'll realize it well before any of the well-educated characters do ) , it 's a real eye-roller , as if to say " i read this many pages for this ? " . by the time the story concludes , it 's more irritating than suspenseful . the characters take so long to blithely undertake any course of action at all that you 'll start rooting against them . eventually scenes of gore start piling up in an obvious and lazy attempt to interject some action , but even aside from being misdirected , it 's too little too late . this book could have been an adventure , a supernatural thriller , a survival tale , or a horror screenplay . it could have even taken the high road as an examination on people 's reactions to situations of extreme stress : some take the lead , even enjoying the challenge , while others whither into a shell of hopelessness . but none of the possibilities ever come to fruition in this disappointing effort . 
software neg 559.txt this is simply awful ! i would expect this type of performance from some no-name brand software purchased at a flea market - not from microsoft ! i think they must of contracted this off to some really low bidder . i had more satisfaction tossing the software into the trash than trying to auction it off on some internet site . i think i 'll go with the tomtom navigator software instead 
software pos 696.txt the product appears to be informative and reasonably easy to use . it is very helpful just describing the issues that need to be addressed . provides for addressing some stuff we might rather ignore or avoid 
music neg 474.txt my dj side : i actually had to stop the music , open the tray on the cd player then check whether i had the right cd1 down-tempo in , or some other cd that my wife played before as the music was so not what i was expecting , sounding more like deep forest than jvm . to my surprise , it was jimmy 's balance 10. i decided to keep an open mind and listen to it anyway . i went to sleep after the 4th track . the next day i decided to listen to the second cd ( mid tempo ) . again i stopped the music , opened the tray on the cd player then checked whether i had the ( mid tempo cd ) in instead of the down-tempo i was playing the night before . sure enough , the ( mid tempo ) was what i had in the player , but did not sound much different than the lullabies i was listening to on cd1. when the mid-tempo was over , i thought to myself " well , this would be very nice for an upcoming relaxing dinner with friends " . the next day i had high hopes for the up tempo cd , cause well , as the name implies , it should be where the beats and treats are . but no . not really . the only reason i did n't freak out from listening to the 1st and 2nd cd of jimmy van m 's balance release is because for three days i kept telling myself that there is an up tempo cd . i did n't mind cd1&2 out of place pop tracks , i did n't mind the different types of music being played in sequence , or rather , out of sequence . i did n't mind hotel lobby music that reminded me of a hotel i stayed in two years ago in vienna . all this will be forgivable when i hear the up-tempo , because i was so sure it 's going to be awesome . unfortunately , i was not quite right about my assumptions . things did not start happening until track 5 ( the reducer 2 ) , i do n't really need some 4 tracks on the third cd to get me warmed up . jimmy warmed me up for 37 tracks before that , in his down + mid-tempo crap . for the most part , this production of the balance series - especially the first 41 tracks in sequence - churned out some of the most lethargic , way too slow and boring music that could be described , at best , as lullabies for grown ups . as for the last 9 tracks of the up-tempo , it is actually - dare i say - decent enough , but way too late , and even worse , ended prematurely . it should have been re-arranged with tracks in reverse order on every cd to be as follows : ( cd3 ) up-tempo should have been ( cd1 ) renamed ( in the car from club to home ) , ( cd2 ) mid-tempo should have been renamed ( at home in the living room ) and finally ( cd1 ) down-tempo should have been ( cd3 ) renamed ( in your bedroom ) . this just makes more sense . the reason i say this is due to the disproportionate figures of dance tracks given to us ( 9 ) to the rest of the sleepy , mellow ones ( 41 ) . for example , chill out house almost always start with a faster track or two then goes on to be slower gradually . i have never come across a chill cd that opened with 10 fast tracks and ended with 03 slow ones , that 's not chill . jvm balance did exactly that ; took forever to ascend to a certain point , then crashed almost immediately . what gives ? half star for cd1 half star for cd2 3 stars for cd3 my human side : dance music is not the only type of beautiful music out there , duh ! jimmy made that very clear in this release . if you want to listen to a wide range of ( not bad ! ) music , then balance 10 is for you . dive in jvm selection of what he thinks makes us human ; expressions of the soul that goes beyond our daily necessities to survive . as a matter of fact , we do n't even need music ( or any type of arts for that matter ) to survive at all . still we listen to it , we crave it and for many people their livelihood depends on it . music can represent our feelings , desires and wishes , and with jvm deep forest like music here ( as i mentioned before ) i ca n't help but wonder if he is going through a certain period in his life where spirituality and oneness with the world is a priority . i think it shows . 
music neg 649.txt this was for a friend and i have no feedbac 
dvd neg 863.txt watched like reading a comic book . so many murders for so little money . corpses never turned stink in the thailand humid and hot temperature . lousy acting , directing and totally stupid screenplay with twisted to the limit ridiculousness and impossibility . a story so bad that turned into a disturbing watch . boasted with awards and high praises for the primitiveness or roughness of the poor plot and scenario ? give me a break 
health pos 787.txt i bought this for my husband . he had a plantars wart on the bottom of his foot that was removed but became a callus that gave him pain . emu oil is the first thing that softened it and it is better than it has ever been and he had suffered with it for years 
software pos 610.txt streets and trips has been a significant help in making our travel plans . we use it in conjunction with our garmin 2720 gps system and they are very complementary . the garmin system does n't use downloads from the laptop and streets and trips therefore allows us to do trip planning on a braosder scale at home . this is a very good program for trip planning 
music neg 325.txt a friend who knows my taste in music recommended vnv nation to me , so i got matter + form based on the reviews . in one sense i like it . the production is excellent and i find every track to be creative and unique . but i hate the vocals and so i ca n't bear to listen to the cd . this dude has the worst voice in music history . 
software neg 499.txt i found this software very difficult to use . it does not have any " stop " or " go back " button . the only way to exit an activity is to hit " esc " button to exit the program and then start all over . when starting over , there is a very lengthy annimated introduction you have to go over each time and i could not find a way to skip it 
music pos 59.txt jon brion does such a great job capturing emotion with great music . hes also so damn great and fitting sound witht the mood of a movie . if you liked this movie , by all means , buy the soundtrack . you will not be dissapointed . eevery time it listen it not only reminds me of the amazing movie , it makes me feel. . just. . good . also , be sure to pick up his solo record , meaningless . if you liked the movie , buy this cd , you wont regret it 
camera neg 23.txt for nearly $100 , this adaptor provides very little ( 1.5x ) magnification . it is also a nuisance because you have to switch the camera settings every time you use the lens for it to function properly . this is no big deal with the wide angle adaptor , which is used infrequently by me , but it is when you want to capture a fleeting image at a distance . it is lightweight , but cumbersome and does n't accept filters . for real telephoto capabilities , get an slr with interchangeable lenses . i sent this product back . 
camera pos 415.txt i do n't like pink so i bought the blue bag . i had bought a black one , but it was so skimpy i returned it and prayed until this one arrived . i had no trouble with amazon crediting me for the return , either . it was so cute ! i 'm too old for " cute , " but i kept it because i needed a case for my new hp r717. it is small , yet padded enough to trust that your camera will be cushioned if you drop it . i have dropped my camera and it was not injured . it has a little pouch inside to store an extra battery for my camera , not the big aa batteries , but the flat type that come with my r717. i recommend this little bag , or the pink one , even if you do n't like pink...or blue . they are well cushioned and snug , but not too snug you think they will tear . the are sturdy and have nice shoulder straps and magnet closures 
software pos 105.txt i bought version 5 of this software a few years ago and was very pleased with the many features . a tech at my isp ( bellsouth ) recommended this software to me . i recently purchased version 6 for my new laptop which is running windows xp pro . installation was a snap . updates are frequent and install quickly with my dsl connection . the software suite has in my opinion more and better features than norton pro which i use on my desktop . i really like the registry cleaner ( fixer ) and the defrag tools . ( they use trend micro for virus protection ) the program allows simple maintenance or for more experienced users indepth tools that allow you to maintain and tweak your system . there is a lot of extra programs that come with this software that i did not install after reading some reviews and warnings about using them . however , my personal experience after installing just the system suit 6 professional has really been good for me . i bought my copy from walmart and filled out the rebate following the instructions carefully and i received my rebate after about 6 weeks . i hope if anyone buys this software because of my recommendation will have similar results . i would rate my knowledge of computers as above average , which may be why i did not have any problems with the software . 
camera pos 398.txt has any one tried the compatible battery from power101 ? i ca n't believe the price . i am struggling btwn buying the sony brand battery and the compatible ones 
software pos 170.txt the product is easy to use . like how it intergrates with ms office applications . it 's been a great tool for providing documents to my clients 
books pos 322.txt it does n't sound like the people you list as reasons " not " to read this book , actually read " this " book . there is a big difference , in my opinion , of putting positive affirmations in your mind , versus a witch doctor . and quite honestly , it seems the positive affirmations could and should be used in " conjuction " with medical care . does it say anywhere in the book to forego medical care , because you will most definitely be healed ? no where . so in my opinion , one has to have a " sound " mind , and not view the book as a " cure all " for all the ills in life , but rather a positive way to " enhance " your life . it is just plain stupid to to avoid getting medical care , when you have a terminal illness , or any other illness for that matter . but according to what i gather from the book , you can use positive affirmations , and " believe " that you are getting well , to help keep yourself in a positive state , rather than filling your head with negative thinking that you will never get well . studies aside from this book have proven that a healthy and positive attitude and mental outlook , have done wonders for recovering patients , along with their medical care . your review did not address any of those people that read this book , because the two examples of people you list , it is apparent they did n't read the book either , ( not sure what compelled you to post here ? ) therefore you are not qualified , in my opinion , to critique this book , as they were using apparently some form of faith healing from a televangelist , did they prescribe drinking snakes blood , too ? anyway , this book in no way says to forgo medical treatment if you are sick , and those that do , probably wo n't be addressing their medical problem . can the positive affirmations and power of suggestion help you through your medical crisis ? i imagine it can , ( studies prove it can ) in addition to proper medical treatment . anyway , you might want to actually read the book , instead of making comments of what happened to " so and so " who did n't even read it or apply it , including yourself . 
books neg 36.txt i was very disapointed in the book.basicly the writer took bits and pieces from books written by others , twisted their words and put his own spin on it.it repeats itself over and over being so repetative i had to put it down.there are good books out there written by people who were there.i suggest you take a look at those.i read many good one 's but this book wasnt in that catagory 
software pos 533.txt i did not think that introduction to the game was going to end . i thought that i may be able to skip it but no luck . once into the game i believe that my child was enjoying the game and seem to be learning some great skills . lastly , you have to hit the " f " keys and " esc " to save and exit the game , not many program make you do that today . overall , i feel that this was a good purchase and i would have given 5 stars if functionally was better with program 
dvd pos 614.txt ed friedlin is a monthly writer for bass player magazine . he covers in an excellent way how to slap , pop , mute , develop a groove , how to play with drum machines , ghost notes , and does some licks in larry graham , louis johnson , and marcus miller style and it is laid out in a very good manner . very good instructional video 
dvd neg 409.txt my boyfriend and i went to this movie we both hated it . it was really pathetic . perhaps the fact that we actually know men who are engineers and physicsts who are like this is part of it . yeah there are people who cannot interact with women or people . it is pathetic . i would feel sorry for anywoman dating this man or any man like this because they lack confidence and are so hard to deal with . low self esteem . do you want to see a pathetic portion of the population yeah this is them there are actually people like this . perhaps it is funny , but just do not be around one of these people in reality . it is a painful reminder of how screwed up they are . not all men are virgins like this man , but some might as well be because they have no clue about women . they do not know how to open a door or hold a hand . 
software neg 579.txt i was extremely disappointed in this " upgrade " . i had roxio 's easy cd creator 5 and loved it . that product allowed you to easily arrange your music on the dics , burn it , then create a lable or insert for the disc with almost no effort . almost everything was intuitive . creator 7 is a big step back in ease of use and utility . so they added a few new bells and whistles , so what ? the base use of this product is to make music cd 's and to create inserts . arranging music is not as easy as it was before . and the insert creator is so frustrating to use i do n't bother . in fact , i have continued to use creator 5 and have simply written off the fact i paid $100 for creator 7 - for nothing ! now , with a computer upgrade , creator 5 no longer works . i do n't dare try another roxio product ( just read the reviews for 7.5 and that appears to be a total waste of money ) . i 'll be taking my chances on anything else . . . not roxio 
camera neg 283.txt i have owned the s410 camera for almost two years , when on new years eve i pulled out my handy camera , from the padded case it 's always in , and to my horror , the e18 error message appeared ! it has n't worked since . i paid $400 for this camera and canon would like $110 ( plus taxes ) to fix the problem - ridiculous . especially since this seems to be a very common problem with their cameras . i 've enjoyed the camera 's picture quality and ease of use , but what a waste to spend that much money to take pictures with it for just under two years ! beware of this flaw that canon does n't seem to acknowledge 
music pos 177.txt this cd is great . it is a must have . picture yourself in the wild or on a lake in a boat and a thunderstorm comes rolling in slowly . you hear the rain , the thunder in the distance , you sense the storm getting closer . the storm is over head , loud piercing thunder claps and you duck for cover . the thunderstorm slowly moves out but the rain is a constant presents . the thunder rolls on but the wild life moves in , bullfrogs , owls in the distance , all the animals are alive now . this cd is all in one , the real deal . it is not all thunder . i love it . i also bought thunderstorm [rykodisc] ; this was a waste of money . to me , in my opinion it sounds like the storm just knocked the cable out , static and more static . 
music pos 186.txt i love this soundtrack ! it stands alone as beautiful , haunting , alluring , and innocent- -just as griet herself was in the film . desplat perfectly captured the spirit of the story , enhanced and deepened a plot that was less than stellar . scarlett johanssen 's acting is superb , as well as essie davis and colin firth . the story , though , was a bit tired- -pretty housemaid / jealous wife / do-nothing husband . its portrayal of vermeer and his wife was a disservice to the real people , even though it is a fictionalized account . the two best tracks on this album are ' griet 's theme ' and ' colours in the clouds' . while i 'm not keen on seeing the film again , this soundtrack is a treasure . it 's a real work of art , second only to vermeer 's work 
dvd pos 960.txt the hand of fear is not top-notch , all-time classic who . even producer philip hinchcliffe does n't like it very much . the only reason it was likely selected for dvd release over such classics as the seeds of doom or terror of the autons is probably because it 's sarah jane 's farewell story . many stories during the hinchcliffe / holmes years of who , sometimes referred to as the " golden age " of doctor who , sometimes referred as the " gothic horror period , " were based on movies . the seeds of doom was based on the day of the triffids . horror of fang rock was based on and then there were none . if not based on an actual film , many were " inspired " in general by the look and feel of the hammer horror films . the hand of fear was inspired by the hands of dr. orlac , the old horror film about the disembodied hand of a killer . the story starts out great , beginning with a fantastic in-joke . rock quarries were very frequently used in the program as they were easily accessible and somewhat looked like alien planets . here the doctor and sarah land in a rock quarry on earth , and sarah thinks they 're on an alien planet ! after an accident with a detonation , sarah finds eldrad 's hand , and starts saying she / he / it must live a lot . " eldrad must ! live " ( high note on " must " ) . she takes the hand to a nuclear power plant where it can start absorbing energy and regenerating . the story thus far is excellent , and sarah jane , possessed by eldrad , is genuinely creepy , though why she 's dressed as andy pandy i 'll never know . extremely effective is the scene were the power plant worker disappears with the hand into the core . also extremely effective is eldrad eerily searing through the metal door of the power plant 's core , and then slowly emerging . the show goes downhill quick once eldrad , doctor and co . head to eldrad 's planet . producer hinchcliffe said this was a bad shift and that it lacked a certain punch . i agree . for some reason , once eldrad is back on its home planet the story loses all its edge . furthermore , sarah 's farewell seems entirely forced . the hand of fear , overall , is still good stuff though , and is well worth owning . it is one of the few episodes that contains the cool version of the tardis interior . ( why they did n't stick with the awesome jules verne-ish interior i have no idea ! ) 
health pos 390.txt this is the best dispenser we have used . it attches to the wall easily , is eay to fill and is constructed in such a way that it has multiple uses . we purchased smaller ones to give as gifts-knowing others would like it also . 
camera pos 708.txt it was n't the easiest thing to transfer photos from a computer and to delete the " samples " on the frame was no picnic either , but once learned it becomes easier . i went from frustrated to happy , soon enough 
books neg 465.txt there is no doubt that antonia fraser 's " the journey " is written in the author 's usual wry , witty and highly engaging style ( although i must say that i never before heard of sex described as " lugubrious . " ) there is also no doubt that fraser has done a great deal to redeem marie-antoinette 's shredded reputation by accurately describing her as being compassionate to the hardships of the french people . the book is full of vivid detail which makes it very readable . however , i was disappointed to see that fraser resorts to many popular misconceptions . for one thing , why does fraser act like marie antoinette was the only princess to be sent away from home as a teenager to seal a dynastic marriage ? what about sophie of anhalt-zerbst ( catherine the great ) who was also a young stranger in a foreign land ? this sort of thing happened all the time - it was what being a princess was all about . i was glad that fraser did not fall into the myth of louis xvi 's impotence / phimosis and surgery and all that . she simplistically portrays him as being asexual , which was not true , because he told his aunt after consummating his marriage that he enjoyed " it . " but never has any other biographer subjected the reader to the spectacle of fersen and the queen fiddling with primitive prophylactics while consummating their grand passion . i must say , it is a first . fraser insists that marie antoinette slept with fersen for many years and yet gives no solid proof , while at the same time maintaining that she was a woman of high moral character . i usually do not think of a woman who is shared by both a lover and a husband as having a high moral character , but i guess fraser does . oh , well . it is such romantic fantasies that turn this book into more of a soap opera than a serious biography . i found it absurd when fraser insists that the tormented queen of france was ultimately a martyr for the cause of the socialism and democracy which the french people now enjoy . if the queen had had her way , her descendant would be reigning today , and that is just the reality of it . for a better study of marie antoinette 's relationship with her husband , i would recommend vincent cronin 's " louis and antoinette . " as for better biographies of the queen , let me join some fellow reviewers in the hope that the works of delorme and bertieres will soon be available in english 
camera neg 286.txt this was the first digital camera i purchased . i am an adventurous person and wanted something that would stand up to my lifestyle . this camera was n't it . the good *it is compact , which is pretty convenient *it has several camera functions that have the potential to work well if you are techno-savvy . the bad *after snorkeling with it for 30 minutes , the camera leaked and broke . olympus replaced it , but only after my 2 month stay in costa rica was over . *the functions are unreliable and difficult to use . rarely if ever do i get them to work how i want . the pictures always need touched up afterwards , sometimes seriously . *the zoom sucks . do n't expect to get those awesome close ups they advertise unless you have some serious patience . *the image stabilization is a joke . you need a tripod or surgeons hands to take pictures that are n't blurry . *the user manual left me with a lot of questions 
books pos 873.txt in self-hypnosis for women c . alexander and annellen simpkins have created an instrument , a book and cd combination tailored to both the novice and the familiar practitioner of hypnosis . the simpkins have masterfully crafted this guide to self-guidance weaving explanation and experience throughout the written and spoken words . provided are tools useful in addressing a wide array of events familiar to most on the journey of being human . while true to its title , self-hypnosis for women , offering examples of utilization directly fashioned to " experiences " idiosyncratic to women : menstruation , pregnancy , labor and delivery , and menopause , the title of this work belies its more universal " applicability " to components of life common to both women and men : self image ; pain management ; overcoming fear and anxiety , and finding personal balance . the book is prefaced with instructions on gaining the most benefit for individual readers . those who may wish to skip over the more basic instructions are advised to begin their journey in later chapters . those who are new to the practice of hypnosis , or enjoy viewing the history and techniques from others ' perspectives are offered just that in the earlier chapters . the story of hypnosis , and the modern history and research of hypnosis take the readers back to the early stages of identified systematic trancework , from mesmer , charcot and freud , to the contributions of hilgard , hull , and milton h . erickson ; they then procede to accompany the participant on the journey through current and future directions , including their own paths , on which they are about to embark . the simpkins define suggestion as " a process by which a stimulus is accepted and then transformed through unconscious processing into an action , experience , attitude or concept . ( p.45 ) " this presentation of suggestion sets the stage for an environment conducive to the development of a personal ability to self-guide . together , the book and cd promote the utilization of both conscious and unconscious processes as learning tools , assisting in the transformation from less popular emotions such as fear or sadness to components of life which offers guidance and assistance . specific hypnotic techniques , are explained , and accompanied by exercises which give the audience an immediate opportunity to begin experiencing and tailoring that procedure . the framework for these exercises is the suggestion of an " experiment " with that particular technique , creating an environment for the learner to safely attempt each new activity with no possibility of failure . the only opportunity not offered is that of incompetence . there is only a place to try , adjust , and retry each experiment until the reader fashions their own skill set based on personal significance and comfort . more than a " bonus " the accompanying cd is a work of art on its own . again , mixing explanation with experiential learning , this auditory tool incorporates fractalization as a teaching method , to assist the listener in entering and returning from graduated levels of trance exploration . a vast canvas is provided , upon which the hypnotic partner can create motor , auditory and visual experiences with encouragement and assistance , rather than direction or interference , a respectful approach not always found in " self-hypnosis " recordings . sharon mclaughlin ma , managing editor , milton h . erickson newsletter 
camera pos 424.txt the zr500 and other low-end canon camcorders appear to be very fine products , well worth their price - - but if what you want is the simplest and easiest way to make perfectly acceptable amateur-level home videos , have a look at the rca small wonder . simple , rugged , totally easy to learn and operate , no frills but still some very neat features , takes perfectly adequate videos of your children , your dog , whatever - - and about half the price . bought one ; totally satisfied 
camera pos 420.txt i love my new canon a710. large lcd makes taking pictures easy to frame , color and sharpness is good all around and needing only 2 aa batteries is great . i no longer need to search and buy special camera batteries , i can go into any drug store . only draw back on this camera is the size of the memory card 16mb . for a few bucks more put in at least a 1gig . overall rating for a camera in this price range - above average 
dvd neg 60.txt jack nicholson in this shameless attempt at comedy plays a dog trainer of all professions who gets involved with an oprea singer who is caught up in the underworld of crime . critcally embarssing to nicohlson 's carrer but jack has done much better to cover this mistake . a minor film with good talent gone to waste , a film way below par considering the re-teaming of director bob rafelson & amp ; nicholson from & quot ; five easy pieces&quot 
health pos 49.txt this blood pressure monitor is easy to use and works great 
books pos 55.txt if you like math , i guarantee you 'll like this book ! the author starts out with some very nice infinite sums from 17th and 18th century mathematics ( newton , leibniz , the bernoullis , and euler 's gamma function ) . he continues into the 19th century with riemann and lebesque integrals , weierstrass ' pathological functions , cantor 's set theory , and winds up with baire 's category theorem . reading this book is like taking a guided tour through real analysis ( = calculus of one real variable ) with the math prof you always wished you had . its only prerequisite is a working knowledge of calculus ; the main points are explained very clearly , so the reader can skip through the book or fill in the details , and will learn a lot , either way . the book is very well written , and a great pleasure to read ; i highly recommend it , for students , fans , and teachers 
dvd pos 10.txt i tried to rent this dvd from an online service about a week ago . unfortunately , the dvd was damaged and unplayable , but not in the usual way i 've seen before ( like a disc cracked all the way through ) . it looked like someone had turned the playable side face-up and tapped a small nail with a hammer on it . the cracks had that kind of splintery pattern like a broken window . anyway , i returned the copy and ordered another , which i received today . again , this one is also unplayable and is cracked in an odd way . i just reported this problem online to the dvd rental company and ordered a replacement copy . however , i let them know that they may want to check their inventory of this dvd as someone may be intentionally destroying the dvds . if i get another one that is cracked or unplayable in any way , i 'm going to just buy a copy because the movie must really have gotten under someone 's skin for them to do something like that . 
books neg 357.txt i really thought i would be able to learn about the philadelphia project from this book , considering the title . however , the actual project does n't make an appearence until the last chapter . the entire book focuses on ideas that may or may not have contributed to a project that may or may not have taken place . this book was disappoiting to an extreme . 
software pos 254.txt very easy to use and provides a very wide range of cards and other items . excellent product . dav 
music pos 264.txt all i can say is you must try this ! 
books pos 173.txt carlton mellick the 3rd 's " punk land " ( a pseudo-sequel to his 2001 novel " satan burger " ) wastes no time in getting straight to the story . it is set in an alternate heaven for punks , where sid vicious is god and you are judged for entry not by st. peter but rather a number of gate attendants who decide whether or not you are punk enough . mellick 's trademark off-beat humor and sideways take on religion is ever-present , along with a slew of philosophical ideas mixed with a juvenile sense of mischief . although it is a sequel , it stands completely on it 's own . fans of satan burger will appreciate the references and the continued story of nan and mortician , but new readers are n't left wondering about a back story . and anyone with even a slight interest in punk rock or punk culture will be in well , punk heaven , with all the references to punk history and culture and appearances by icons including g.g. allin , henry rollins , and johnny rotten . the book is also full of illustrations , diagrams , photos and lists , which help to give it a wonderful multimedia type feel . you 'll find yourself torn between finishing the paragraph you 're in and jumping directly over to the flier for the " pbr pogo joust " advertised on the next page . this is a great book , a sublimely goofy sort of work that is effortlessly good but never takes itself too seriously . highly recommended for anyone who likes mellick 's work , but even more so for anyone who has never read any of his books . this is a great place to discover the works of a young , groundbreaking author who is only getting better with time 
camera neg 428.txt ordered two frames from the third party source . neither on of them worked at all . it has been a nightmare trying to return them for a refund 
health neg 959.txt this product is difficult to use and does not clearly cover the scratches on the lenses as advertised . there are bubbles in the product that do not clear up as it dries . i do not recommend this ! just get new glasses 
camera pos 956.txt celestron 's tool is easy to carry , easy to use , and ( at least in my case ! ) gives me quick , precision collimation with my newtonian . why pay for a laser collimator ( which needs to be calibrated ) when you can use this ? collimation is the most important part of your setup ; without good mirror alignment , all you 'll see are blobs and blurs even on the best viewing nights . this combination tool makes aligning both primary and secondary mirrors fairly painless , and also fairly fast . highly recommended for any level of observer 
music neg 312.txt i ca n't believe some of the songs on this soundtrack...they are horrible pieces of s$# ! ? * &%# ! #$ ! there are a couple good ones , but its not worth spending the money on for the c.d , not even at a used price.i ca n't believe they did'nt put " low rider " on the soundtrack , how cheap is that 
camera pos 365.txt it is simple , handy and works well to prevent shaking your camera . but i am still doubt if this simple accessory really deserves 50 bucks.. . this wired release would be the choice only if you are not a digital rebel user who has a more reasonable price option for the additional shutter button . 
books pos 927.txt this book is lovely , the perfect " medicine " for our hectic lives in this constantly-changing world . it has a lot of information packed in , yet is presented in a clear , straightforward manner . as i read the book , many things about my life and the way i react to change fell into place for me , and this book gave me not only new insights about myself , but also practical , positive ideas for better ways i can deal with change in my own life 
music neg 167.txt no strings attached is to my memory one of the worst albums ever made.no one listens to the stupid boy bands anymore.this piece of c@#p does not sell even a thousand copies today unless the previous reviewer is buying up all the million copies himself.dont buy any album from n stync or the equally horrible justin timberlake.get any beatles album instead 
camera neg 90.txt i bought this camera in february , and after taking 6 shots the camera almost died , i could review the photos i had taken , but when switched the dial to take photos the camera turned out black either the lcd / efv , and only turned off when i removed batteries , i sent it to fuji repair center , and got it back again almost one month later . then six months later the camera did exactly same thing , i have n't received my camera back yet , but i 'm sure never will buy a fuji camera again and of course my camera will died again in the next months after i get from the repair center and at the end of the day i will have wasted almost 500 dlls 
health neg 191.txt it 's good for its purpose but not resistant . the lock that close the ball broke in the first use when i tried to open . the other one worked fine . it 's a cheap plast material , could be better and more resistant . but for now it 's ok since there is no other solutions for my bras . besides , this product is for medium and small bras . who has large sizes will have difficult to fit the bra in the produc 
camera neg 872.txt i have been searching on line and elsewhere for a good camcorder as 1 ) a replacement for my jvc gr-d70u , which died , and 2 ) to go online with a video blog . after much study and evaluation , i chose the canon zr800 based on a salesman 's recommendation , frustration as to the number of choices which are available , and the presence of an external microphone jack ( which was one of my " must-have " options ) . after returning home , i read the review by miamian " new reviewer " , and felt trepidation . after charging the battery , i tried the camera . lo and behold , miamian is right . there is an obvious noise when recording , which was not present in my jvc . hoping against hope , i played the tape back , and , just as i feared , the tape had a pronounced hiss . this is not just tape hiss , but a much more pronounced noise , which transfers to the tv when watching . it rendered the camcorder totally unacceptable . i took the camcorder back , and , like miamian , ordered the sony dch-hc38. ( i know , it does n't have an external microphone jack , but after all this confusion , i give up ! ! why do n't they make more cameras with them ? ? ) the plus signs of this camera are that its menu is much more intuitively laid out , and selection of the desired item does not even require looking at the instruction book . the joystick selector is so easy to use , to select play , rewind , fast forward , stop , pause in the playback mode , and is also is used to select various menu items in other modes . the wide screen viewfinder ( lcd ) is so nice to use , and easy to see , all others ( in 4:3 ) become passe' . i did n't have any chance to evaluate other aspects of the camera , due to the unacceptable noise which demanded rejection of the unit . the picture looked ok ; it did not greatly impress me , however , and the automatic focus appeared to be slow and very noticeable in playback . in essence , caveat emptor ; especially if you 're hard of hearing . others watching and listening to the tape will not be 
dvd neg 783.txt the dvd came in a timely manner , packaged well and i have had no problems with the item . it seems to be in great condition 
music pos 431.txt sometimes , debut albums present an artist in full bloom , with an assured grasp on their sound and message . sometimes , debut albums are nothing but promise , pointing toward what the artist could do . public enemy 's gripping first album , yo ! bum rush the show , manages to fill both categories : it 's an expert , fully realized record of extraordinary power , but it pales in comparison with what came merely a year later . this is very much a rick rubin-directed production , kicking heavy guitars toward the front , honing the loops , rhythms , and samples into a roar with as much in common with rock as rap . but , damn if they do n't sound like they 've already conquered the world ! already , there is a tangible , physical excitement to the music , something that hits the gut with relentless force , as the mind races to keep up with chuck 's relentless rhymes or flavor flav 's spastic outbursts . and if there does n't seem to be as many classics here - - " you 're gonna get yours , " " miuzi weighs a ton , " " public enemy no . 1 " - - that 's only in comparison to what came later , since by any other artist an album this furious , visceral , and exciting would unquestionably be heralded as a classic . from public enemy , this is simply a shade under classic status 
music neg 395.txt i gave this a good listen , but did not find it all that funny ... or memorable 
camera neg 300.txt have had an olympus 4.0m.for 4 years and been very happy with it . as a gift i got this canon and was very diappointed in the color quality and sharpness . shot about 600 pictures people were blurred , not crisp and dim even on a sunny day . had to return it.do n't bu 
camera neg 550.txt downside : 1. i 'll have to add my complaint to several others who had the same problem . the camera suddenly stopped working after nearly 18 months of having no problems . i switched batteries...let it set for some time without batteries or memory card in it...nothing is getting it to work . on top of that i now have a memory card with photos on it that i ca n't transfer to my computer without a working camera to do that . 2. not good with indoors pictures especially if you try the " night " mode . if you use that mode , even with a tripod , keep your subjects to still-lifes , only...if you photograph people and they happen to move even the slightest , they will at best be blurry , at worst they will look like double exposures . 3. indoors pictures set at normal mode , with or without flash , are no better and may even be worse than your standard cheap 35mm camera . upside : 1. through its usb cable , it booted right into apple 's iphoto software making the organizing and editing of photos that i took a breeze . 2. outdoors , with plenty of sunlight , gave me near-perfect pictures that got a lot of praise . kodak did well with this aspect of the camera 's ability , given the price . 3. we won this camera ( free ) so for me it 's almost all upside...except now i have to shell out $$$ for a good camera ( that will hopefully read my current memory card 
music neg 283.txt i remember listening to this years ago , and i thought i would add this to my cd library , now i know why it has been years sense i 've listened to it , , very sqeaky , dull , slow paced stuff , bob segar makes this stuff sound like tin foil. . 
books pos 933.txt this was a book that finally answered my wife 's questions . she is a theologian ( main stream , liberal . evolution is ok ) and deals with science and religion frequently . she kept asking me of my biochemical research " is it predictive ? " . what she was asking was from my studies in protein structure could i predict the taj mahal ? i mumbled a great deal during those conversations . in this book mayr give voice and coherence to the chaos that is biology . it is not the science of physics , where one equation rules all . choices , and accidents happen , and they shape future development . that is who we are . i recommend this book to anyone really interested in what biology is , and what is can say about how it has arrived in this place and time . duke ou 
health pos 56.txt this is the 3rd or 4th time i have bought this type of batteries and i am always satisfied with their performance . they are a great value 
dvd neg 12.txt to be honest with you i thought the movie was really bad . the acting was ok but the only good part about the movie was that ricky ( rodney eastman ) was in the movie . ( for about 5 mins ) but i would not suggest renting this movie and waisting 4 dollars 
software neg 639.txt i bought this product based on consumer reports review . i 've had norton and mcafee in the past which slowed down my system . my computer is slower to start up with zonealarm , but faster than mcafee while on . however , most of the time , i need to shut off zonealarm in order to access the internet - just like another reviewer . defeats the purpose do n't you think ? it also recognized my offices 's software as a virus and although i allowed access , it keeps showing it as a virus . i 'm going to have to go to another product . 
music pos 433.txt i just love this cd . over 8 years ago my much older coworker turned me onto this album . it is definetly not just for st paddy 's day . this is an album you can listen to over and over . the sinead songs are a bit whiney , but she does have an excellent voice . you can not get better that mic and sting . sting 's song is just incredible . 
dvd neg 529.txt this does n't really do anything for me.. . maybe if you have n't ever worked out before it may be a good beginning for you to start 
software neg 15.txt this product could put user / customer 's life at risk . the mapping software navigates user turning into a one way street and takes you to a very remote off-road . this is the worst product that i have used in my life . 
music pos 360.txt pinback blows me away . i consider my taste in music to be very diverse , with a tendency to love obscure indie rock-pop , from the last three decades ( talk talk , split enz to elliot smith and death cab ) . pinback delivers some of the best , most consistent music i 've heard in years . i started with summer in abaddon and was weak in the knees , then i acquired their debut album and could barely stand...and now , blue screen life has about knocked the breath right out of me . i have n't gotten through the entire back catalog because i ca n't stop listening to the three albums i have in my hands . words cannot express how fascinating this band is - intricate & complicated with a simple , straightforward delivery . their transitions are sick . they put their contemporaries ( death cab , the shins , the killers ) to shame . i love all of the aforementioned bands , but pinback slaughters them in delivering well conceived , perfectly executed , diversified albums that you can listen to from front to back , over & over . how many albums can you say that about ? they are heavenly . the standouts are xiy , boo , concrete seconds , bbtone , prog , pene.. . oh , screw it - every song is great ! 
health neg 575.txt these wipes were much thinner than i expected / remembered . i had to use at least 3 at a time . i wo n't buy these again 
camera neg 273.txt i bought htis from amazon , and have troubles in playing back the video clips . almost evrytime , after a while , i do see " system error " on the screen , and then the firmware is hung . after a power-cycle , the last recorded clip is gone ! some issues with the basics...so i called sanyo service , they said this is happening because i 'm using a 4gb plain sd card . acc to the support guy , max of 2gb of plain sd is supported , for more gb , a sdhc card is needed . i could not find this info on the manual or spec...so i 'm not sure how true is this . if anyone of you know about this , please let me know . video is okay for my need...still is too bad . firmware is just about average..not too great . there is much scope of improvement to be more user friendly and more informative with lesser use of buttons . battery did not perform as promised in the spec . also , there are way too many components in the box for such a specialized product . i would expect those many in a robotics kit . 
camera pos 184.txt i bought this camera for my sister , as an early christmas present , thinking i would need some time to set it up for her , well in less then 30 minutes i was ready , it 's a awesome camera , i was impressed , of the ease from set up to formatting the 512 sd card . i have sent the site to another sister whom is interested . it is the easiest camera to use and has features that will impress anyone , great photos from very close to far away . i would recommend this camera to anyone 
camera neg 211.txt when i received the camera i thought of giving it a 5 star because the good looking and nice picture . after 6 months use , i wish i could give it a 0 star . it 's true it looks good but it 's very hard to hold the camera . it droped twice when i took pictures . also the lens is too small . the dirt is very easy to get onto the lens and very hard to clean b / c it 's small . thanks the dirty lens , the picture quality is worse than ever . the battery is very small too . after 6 months use , it can not hold enought power to shoot 10 pictures ! they have to put the buttons here and there to fit the small space . it 's not a user friendly camera . 
health pos 895.txt the product was a gift for my mother who needs extra circulation in her feet . she loves it and it has helped increase the circulation 
health pos 849.txt this is exactly what i needed for my macbook computer . it 's comfortable and keeps my laptop from sliding around . great 
books neg 500.txt while " talk to the hand " is inescapably mediocre in comparison to " eats , shoots & leaves " , a book i found amusing , though not up-to-par to its new york times bestseller status , this book does have its moments . however , i was uterrly bloody appalled at the rudeness of lynne truss in presuming to make a comment that , despite whatever way she meant it , ended up sounding like she thought gluten intolerance was a choice . i find it interesting that she , or at least her editors , did not further investigate the disease ( which , indeed , gluten tolerance is ) before publishing such a degrading remark . oh , yes , bloody well sorry , ms. truss , for invading your rude , stay-home-and-bolt-the-door causitive world with yet another irritation which , i 'm sure , someone created just so you would have to sit in a restaurant and listen to someone else get special treatment for a fad diet . let 's just go and , well , obliterate a genetic disorder ! while we 're at it , we might as well just make the lactose intolerant drink milk . if it pleases and thanks you , ms. truss , we celiacs will eat cake . ( oh , bloody hell , did i just say " please " ? ) despite the fact that lynne truss makes this world out to be such a horribly rude place , i have to wonder if she 's experiencing the effects of projection . in explaining how rude we humans are , it was necessary for her to be quite rude , as well . it is not simply the celiac remark to which i refer : i also found her supermarket incident , in which a kid shouts at his mother , " i want that one , you effing bitch ! " , among others , a bit offensive . as a member of both the gluten intolerant community and the younger generation so responsible for this rudeness , i was often thoroughly appalled by this book . no , my friends and i do n't usually hold doors for each other , but , in general , i thank and get thanked in return for a money lend or a coffee downtown . frankly , i find myself more often in the perpetual motion of manners with my friends , as well as strangers , than in a cycle of rudeness which includes swearing for the sake of swearing and no regard for others . i can safely say that all of my friends ignore their cell phones if we are having a conversation , or , if they must answer , they apologize profusely before going outside to talk so they do not offend the people around them . i have to argue that we are not a select group . in today 's world , one sees what one expects to see ; one is treated as one expects to be treated . ms. truss , i believe , would find that perahps if she simply lowered her expectations slightly and gave out all the respect she possibly could , she would be surprised to find that , when people are rude , she cares less because she knows that she , at least , is doing her best not to be . if she did this , maybe she would be less likely to jump all over people who are rude because she would not be so worried about her own behavior . my last complaint is this : " gluten crap " ? you would think that such a sophisticated , eloquent ( as she is dedicated to proving ) person as lynne truss would have been able to find a better word to describe gluten than the third-year , am-i-not-so-cool-and-bitchin ' ( ? ) style word " crap . 
camera pos 236.txt if you 're looking for a high-quality telephoto zoom lens that is fast enough to use indoors , you may have found what you 're looking for . the 70-200 / 2.8 lens produces beautiful results that are overall on par with the 135 / 2 prime lens ( although not quite as sharp ) . the main downside to this lens is that it 's big and heavy . i do n't mind carrying it around my neck on the camera so much , but when you go to use if you have to put extra effort into keeping the lens from shaking in your hands due to the weight . and it 's not exactly the sort of lens that i would want to toss into my backpack , just due to the immense size . if you do n't mind spending an extra $500 , consider also the 70-200 / 2.8 is ( image stabilization ) version of this lens . it weighs even more , but the built in is unit should help compensate for shaky hands whilst using the lens 
camera neg 674.txt i have tried everything . firewire , usb . there was an insert in the guide that mentioned that you have to connect the cable first to your pc then to your camera , then turn on the pc then turn on the camera...then wait for the stars to align in the right order . if you do anything in a different order then your camera can get damaged . what kind of a crazy world does panasonic live in ? well , i followed the instructions to the tee , downloded the right drivers and all and yet my pc does not recognize the gs19 or the gs9. i have used both . the gs19 is a new purchase so this is definitely going back . i thought , this model would have gone away with the kinks but , no ! so , my panasonic recorded dvs are gonna remain on the tape . i will never be able to put them on dvds . what a joke , this camera turned out to be 
dvd pos 629.txt i think pauly shore is much more talented then people give him credit for . it is not as easy at it seems to play the character he played in every single one of his films . but the problem is that he has played the same character in all the movies he made . frankly i dont think he made this movie or started his new reality show to restart his career , i think he probably knows that he is a living joke , i feel he is just trying to give people a laugh and i 'd say hes done that 
books pos 197.txt first off , i loved the book cover - spine and all- - one of my all time favorites . it 's what first attracted me to this book amongst the other forward-facing covers on the store 's front table . then the title , i loved that just as much . both share the characteristics of being straightforward , to the point , and revealing . both are perfectly simple . i read most the essays and came to think that a . this guy really does his homework and b. he has a vocabulary more voluminous than the decimal numbers of pi . i constantly begged for my dictionary . it 's probably what gets him the press i knew before i picked this up : an intellectual snob . i guess he got that from the oprah incident . but i also guess that there 's lots of worse name calling that can happen to anyone in their career . what 's up with this culture that it 's so unacceptably horrible to be labeled an intellectual snob and so enviously warming to be called a pop culture icon ? the attraction to franzen 's work is that he investigates and reveals - in a binary way : he 's researching facts , he 's listening to feelings ; he 's processing both to give an opinion . the best example of this is my father 's brain in which he relates the alzheimer induced decomposing of his father 's brain . there is lots about the history and science of memory in this essay ; as much as there is about how a family discovers and lives with its loss . reading it you sympathize , you empathize and you learn . equally as insightful are : lost in the mail - a look into possible reasons behind chicago 's underperforming mail system the reader in exile - a great reflection on the intellectual and emotional fruits of reading first city - a historical and pensive piece about what pulls us towards cities meet me in st. louis - a piece that shares the two-sided feelings in a trio of situations ( including the oprah incident ) . 
camera neg 955.txt this is a poorly designed camera case . you have to take the camera out of the case completely each time you shoot pictures . i expected the case to remain on the camera body and just uncover the lens so you can shoot . i was very disappointed . this is rather a leather box than a camera case 
music pos 782.txt this is tha best master p album this and the movie this came out when i was and the 6 grade to lisen to this it 's emosional to me it reminds me of back n da day friends i knew all that my favrite song is mama raised me it gots bone , snoop , e-40 all no limit all them it 's a great album you can lisen to it most the way though it 's a great album gansta classic you gotta get this 
camera neg 216.txt a close friend made the unfortunate mistake of plunking down 2 grand for this camera . honestly olympus produces cameras that can do the same thing for $400. i 've used hers and the image quality is horrible and the colours are wrong 9 times out of 10. if you 're going to spend that much on a camera , get the d70 instead and buy a nice extra lens or some other gadgets to go with . the pictures are better and it offers more mp 
health pos 127.txt i am so happy with this product . i have chronic stomach trouble and this enzyme product has saved me from many days and nights of upset stomach . if i eat too late at night or eat the " wrong " thing , i just pop a couple capsules and no problems for the night 
dvd pos 938.txt excellent comedy . good choice if you need a good laugh . rodney dangerfield and bill murray at thier bes 
camera neg 326.txt i 'm a diehard nikon fan . my first nikon was a gift from my father when i was 13. since then , photography has been a serious hobby , having had a few photos published and even spent time working in a photo lab while in college . having said that , and after reading several reviews about people having trouble focusing this camera , i absolutely agree with them . someone responded by saying those reviewers have n't read the manual . baloney . i bought the coolpix l1 to replace a 4 year old coolpix 850. the l1 's camera 's focus feature works fine in the daylight and works for s**t indoors , especially with the macro settings . i 've been patient and have given it three months . i am fed up . this camera is going back to amazon in the morning 
health pos 197.txt that 's the only way i can rate this product . if it taste great , then it gets a high rating from me 
health neg 844.txt original purchase had two dead batteries , then a replacement set had the same results , it 's as if they were bundling two dead batteries with every order . but the bottom line says it all in fine print on the back down low " made in china " . 
software pos 796.txt it installed without any problems . it runs without any problems . i am very happy with it . i am a convert from microsoft money . i am self employed and have one employee . my wife is also self-employed . we have twenty different financial accounts ( investment accounts , retirement accounts , checking accounts , savings accounts , a mortgage , a home equity line of credit and credit cards ) . we often pay business expenses with our personal credit card , as the credit card gives us frequent flyer miles for every purchase . quicken 2007 home and business allows us to do our personal accounting and business accounting all in one program , which makes it much easier . the one step update ( automatic downloading of our transactions and balances from financial institutions ) works with 17 of our 20 accounts . downloading data from the other 3 accounts requires some manual steps , but is still fairly painless . i like the online backup feature . it is inexpensive ( you pay a small annual charge ) and easy to use . i am not very impressed with the investment analysis features , although i have not yet fully explored them . i would like to be able to compute realized and unrealized annualized rates of return for individual positions or groups of positions , and it does n't seem like i can do that in this program . 
dvd neg 321.txt when i received this dvd , i played it on my imac . when doing this , i discovered that there were chinese characters showing at the top of the screen . the quality of the dvd images were dark and grainy . i reported to amazon that they had unknowlngly sold me a pirated dvd , and i was saddened to not have a response from amazon other than refunding my costs . copyright is not only a law to protect publishers ; it also protects consumers from getting poor quality products . i feel that i can no longer depend on amazon to provide my dvd orders . 
books neg 874.txt if we are to draw equivalent lessons from both the prague spring and street protests in the u.s. , as kurlansky attempts in this book , the connection should depend on more than that they simply occured in the same year . the reader is owed specifics , yet is rewarded with little more than vague platitudes . prague was a protest against a government which not only lacked representation and dissent , but prohibited it . chicago et al were protests against decisions made by a representative government , however flawed , resulting from open debate . a bigger difference could hardly be imagined . but kurlansky does see striking differences , albeit only in the post-1968 world . the soviet bloc began it 's decent to oblivion , while the capitalist west avoided the same . his disappointment in the latter is not hard to glean , though what manner of " revolution " he envisions is never rendered to specifics , likely for good reason . but who needs details when false equivalencies and empty platitudes will do 
music pos 296.txt every thing he sings is perfect , i 've yet to find one song that does n't move me . this cd has some beauties . & quot ; daughter of mine&quot ; is priceless . & quot ; steal away&quot ; is very nice . & quot ; one small star&quot ; brings tears . this arrangement of & quot ; voyage&quot ; is probably the best i 've heard . his traditional songs ( & quot ; when you and i were young maggie&quot ; and & quot ; mary of argyle&quot ; ) are beautiful . i ca n't find anything on this cd i could n't listen to for hours . i truly love music and listen to it constantly . i find myself reaching for the mcdermott cd 's almost exclusively . i have them all , more please 
health neg 541.txt skip this entire product . i made the mistake of purchasing it and stocked up on the scrubbing and non-scrubbing ( mopping ? ) pads . now , i ca n't find the non-scrubbing ones anywhere in my entire county . i think they do n't want to compete with their own product " swiffer " which they also manufacture . i emailed them and they suggested i buy online . i checked walgreens.com and drugstore.com and no luck . i imagine they will phase this out and you will be stuck with a wasteful " who gives a hoot " rod . 
books neg 506.txt book goes over a lot of information in a very short time , but not much of that information is worth anything unless you 're building a circle-track or drag car . took the hit and ordered stanforth 's competition car suspension 
music neg 133.txt listening to this album made me question my own life . it is simply unoriginal , boring and really bad . save your money 
software neg 683.txt i bought this as christmas present for my daughter who will be traveling to italy this spring as part of a college course she is taking , and she will be spending a semister there next year as well ... she just called me for school to help her resolve an error in the installation : the install reaches 100% then states it has encountered an error , and quits . it remains uninstalled and is thus far unusable . an awefully expensive piece of plastic that does nothing . as a senior software engineer i 'd have been fired for less ... the rosettastone website / knowledgebase offers no information on this 
health pos 560.txt i bought this vaporizer several weeks ago . i feel better after i use this . it created steam very fast ( about 2-3 minutes after plugging ) . you may have to fill some salt to make it create a lot of steam . however , a lot of steam means the water will decrease rapidly so if you want to use this vick for a long time ( about 12-20 hours ) , you may not need to use salt 
books pos 281.txt this book still does not address many areas i find interesting in james brown 's career but i find it a natural companion to the three other jb books in my collection : cynthia rose 's " living in america : the soul saga of james brown " ; geoff brown 's biography " james brown " ; and ofcourse , the brown / tucker " the godfather of soul - james brown " . all three dig deep into this metaphysical musician 's mind but this one has a stronger narrative , a bit less guarded : his late ' 80s fall is described in a more contrite way , for example . his scientific study of his audience is perhaps something new in his dialogue - but he broaches the subject of how music motivates women in a different way than it does men , then immediately moves on to the next thought . even by 2005 standards his live albums contain some of the most overt sexuality , obviously directed at the female fans , ever recorded . similarly , his admonitions to admonishes contemporary rap / hip-hop artists are eloquent but must be deemed a bit self-righteous : there is alot of " adult " content in his catalogue which ca n't be explained away as " art " . however , fans can trace his development into more " cerebral " music , with more and more sensitive ballads and socially-conscious tunes being produced from the late ' 60s on . i was happy to read his description of little richard 's assistance in his early career , but a bit disheartened when he suggested that penniman was basically a rock and roll raver - i find it hard to believe that this publication brought out his true feelings about his georgia neighbor - the influence is quite obvious and not just on " chonnie on chon " . another depressing ommission is with marva whitney , his popular lead female vocalist from c . '67 to ' 70. a recent documentary reveals that marva traveled to vietnam with the star but here he simply says that he was only allowed to travel with a small part of his musical backup . despite the above concerns , with this book james brown has shown the literary world that he is a writer . ofcourse this was obvious to the musical world - just listen to " do n't be a drop out " , " i do n't want nobody to give me nothing " , " the man in the glass " , " i 'm not demanding " , " it 's christmas time " , and " peace in the world " 
software neg 461.txt i had the exact same experience as another reviewer . ....loved it for years...changed formats...no confidence . at the last minute i had to use an accountant . the accountant cost me $650.00. $50 more than what i was over paying in taxes using this software . a disaster . it does n't look like it was importing data correctly , state navigation really was painful . i buy this software to try different senerios ( joint or single ) ...but this year it would n't do that . probably because they worry too much about getting paid for every user and not enough to assist people who bought the software . to my mind the software is crippled 
books pos 288.txt i just recently discovered an interest in philosophical thought , and i found myself overwhelmed by all the resources available to me . i had no idea where to start when i stumbled across the philosophy gym . nothing could have been more appropriate . it dives right into all the hot topics and gave me some foundational knowledge about how to approach those issues from a logical standpoint . it introduces the reader to basic philosophical terminology as well as several of the great historical philosophers and their famous arguments . each topic is brilliantly presented in nice bite-sized chunks with suggestions for further reading at the end of each chapter . i could n't be more pleased with this intro to philosophy 
music neg 799.txt mercifully , vh-1 has n't released the nauseating , moron-targeting ' i love the 90s ' dvd series ( yet ) , so you 'll have to settle for a similarly appalling companion soundtrack disc . this is precisely the kind of cd which should n't even exist anymore given the availability of this material on the internet , legal or illegal . there 's no rhyme or reason to the collection , and the songs you might actually want to remember...you probably already downloaded them . the source show is easily one of the most appalling projects mtv / vh-1 has produced in some time . it 's basically a bunch of ' comedians ' and third-tier celebrities talking about the 80s or 90s ( or rather , the highlights of what corporate product was released in 1996 , say ) with such fond memories and gusto , hoping the next generation ingests this poison with the understanding that mambo no . 5 was a ' good , memorable song ' for instance . avoid at all costs . take pleasure in denying tag team their royalties when you find their ' classic ' song on online...for free 
health neg 410.txt i 've tried this razor for 5 weeks , both wet and dry and can only say that this is the worst electric razor that i 've ever used . it does n't give a close shave and requires a second shave with a standard razor to remove some of the stubble . i should have bought a new norelco instead of this . my old norelco always shaved me close . this panasonic would still be handy as a travel razor , or to be used in a pinch . but for a close shaving everyday razor , this is n't the one to buy . oh well , i waited too long to send it back 
dvd pos 423.txt while it is certainly fun to watch just to see the performers , this history of rock simply does n't jell as a whole.by trying to explain the evolution of the music , the pleasure gets lost along the way.if you are a rock connaisseur , you wo n't learn many new things if you watch this.what you should do is take it as a starter point and then go further with documents who gets deeper with one particular field ( ex:motown or british invasion ) .as it is , it tries to cover too much ground at once and still manages to forget a few artists like emerson , lake and palmer and king crimson among others.it costs me $80 dollars ( canadian money ) for this 5 dvd set , which is too much for what it 's worth.rent it and enjoy the clips 
software pos 102.txt i 've been using studio for years and while i definitely had reliability problems with studio 10.0 , 10.6 has been very reliable , and beta testing 10.7 shows me it is just getting better . i tried premiere elements but it was much harder to figure out how to do things , and it was much slower burning a simple dvd image , and it simply does n't do hd which i 've started playing with . i 'm sticking with studio and i make a dvd just about every week with my kids ' videos . i do recommend that you have a good system that is fairly clean 
software pos 451.txt i really enjoy using this program , much better than what was out there 5 - 10 years ago when i last worked on genealogy . i love the ancestry.com feature , it is wonderful to go find your grandparents , great-grandparents and even great-great grandparents in the us census . i have found out a few things that i did n't know , unfortunately my mother recently passed away , and i have no one to verify some of it with . i would suggest that anyone contemplating this program gets it now , and starts working while you still have elders who can help you sort through the information you find . i also found a family tree out there from someone who only lives a few blocks from where we used to live . she has traced her family back to the 1500 's in germany...and it appears that they are related to us . it was strange to go to her website and find a picture of my great grandparents headstone . it was just another branch of the family . buy it 
camera pos 677.txt this is not a high-tech digital frame . it does n't play mp3's . it does n't come with a remote . it simply reads your digital pictures from a card and displays them in a slide show mode . there 's an " on " button and an " off " button . there is no manual to read in order to learn how to operate your frame ( though it does come with a one-page instruction sheet ) . it 's great for your office desk when all you need to do is reach over and turn it on or off . if you want to display it in a difficult-to-reach location , or choreograph your pictures with music , then this is not the frame for you 
dvd neg 118.txt one of those cases where everything goes wrong in the making of a movie : low budget , unispired performances ( alexis denisof is particularly bad here ) , lack of decent screenplay for the actors to work upon , bad direction , despisable characters , cliched situations.. . how kinski chose to act in this one ? 
dvd pos 919.txt robert redford has proved us his undeniable artistic gifts in previous occasions , but with this giant movie he really achieved that coveted pearl ; the state of art in all its wholeness . redford crossed over the traditional concessions and he got to prove art and cinema should not be divorced : good taste and profitability may gather and shake hands , if you respect the sensibility and intelligence of the spectator . this picture not only broke the walls and not only became the most ambitious , artistic and perfect american film in the last quarter of century ; besides , the mature and sensitive script around an awful event that will transform the livings and expand the reduced frontiers of two different ways of life , enhancing them when the tragedy became an unexpected gate for the bliss . redford ' s artistic personality has a secure place in the immortality and i really hope for him to bring us future films filled of that enriched vision where the rude vulgarity , the visible special effects big circus and the simple anecdote not only be absent ; and so the new directors to come , understand the true cinema meaning is art . thanks to his generous personal effort , for having created the sundance festival for new directors whose fruits will create new approaches and major visions . special kudos to him due that clinical eye for a very young actress in progress at those years : scarlet johansson . 
music pos 263.txt so many times , older recordings are not very high quality but not with this group of songs . if you are a marty robbins fan ( and i am ) this cd is a must 
camera pos 609.txt i love this rangefinder - much better than the type that shoots the prism on the flag sticks . you can use this one to find yardage to bunkers , creeks , etc. very accurate and very useful . well worth the money 
software neg 300.txt i have used turbo tax for the past 3 years so this year like a drone i purchased it at amazon . great price by the way . well i receive the product and try to load it and find out as of july ' 06 it is n't compatible with windows ' 98. now i have to send it to turbo tax for a refund . its great that they are doing that but they should have put something on the front of the box . after a 45 minute call to turbo tax they finally agreed to credit me the difference of $20 for the purchase of their online software . the online software was the same exact program i purchased from amazon but they charge $20 more...go figure . it sounds fishy and deceitful to me . i will never buy their software again ! 
software neg 434.txt i wanted a new computer , so a couple months ago i ordered an hp computer that happened to have vista on it . i thought , " oh great , i 'll get the newest os as well " ... major mistake . 1. did n't work with my perhipherals , including my scanner and an hp printer . for god 's sake , the computer 's an hp , why wo n't it work with an hp printer ! ? if they knew the drivers for perhipherals were n't ready , why the did they release the os and force us to buy it ? 2. annoying security feautres , constantly asking permissions to install software . just like the apple ads- - a total joke . 3. after struggling with the damn thing for 2 days , i decided to try to install old trusty xp on it.. . $200 later , guess what ? you cant install an earlier operating system ! booting from the cd does n't work either , you get the blue screen of death . maybe some tech geek can do it , but i 'm done wasting time with this thing . 4. all that agony , for what ? the " fancy " interface ? who cares what it looks like , i just want to use my damn scanner ! i 'm sure all those slick effects suck up ram and resources , for what functional purpose ? just to look more like mac ? 5. ... speaking of which , i am now switching to . goodbye windows , after 15 years of struggling with your crappy software , i 'm done 
software pos 747.txt when i got a new computer at the end of 2001 , the 2002 edition was installed on my computer by gateway . although i never used streets and trips ( and barely used encarta ) , i used word and picture it ! quite heavily . well , my hard drive died a few weeks ago , and i had to get a new computer . i bought microsoft works suite 2006 to go with it . i was a bit apprehensive because picture it ! was replaced with microsoft digital image standard 2006 editor . it took me a while to get fluent in picture it ! , and the idea of learning a new photo system was daunting . ( i write mostly for the web , and use pictures to accompany my reviews and articles- -as well as for ebooks . ) i have n't done any extensive work with it yet , but it appears easy to use if you have experience with picture it ! if you 've never used any image program before , it may be a bit confusing . ( i feel that picture it ! was more self-explanatory . ) however , for all that the works suite gives you , i feel it 's a good buy . word 2002 has advantages over the older version ( for example , you can easily insert images ) , and encarta may be helpful for kids doing homework ( or curious adults wanting to learn more about something ) . updating encarta is easy as clicking a mouse : just open up the program and click " update encarta " . new articles and updates will automatically be added to your computer . although i *still* do n't use streets and trips ( i go to mapquest reflexively ) , i still think this is a great suite for a great price 
music pos 15.txt there is a saying in the construction industry " tripping over dollars to pick up nickels . " or in the regular world " ca n't see the black forest for the trees . " i doubt if there is an definitive rendition of all of beethoven 's symphonies . even the composers own conducted versions changed over time and from performance to performance depending on the players or his intentions . instruments were constantly changing and you know this guy was never satisfied , always stretching . we can only guess what his exact intentions would be today or tomorrow . what you want to remember is : 1 ) the first version of anything you seriously like will color your listenings of subsequent versions . you 'll be listening for qualities that are n't there and missing qualities that are there . 2 ) different versions bring us different views . is n't that a good thing ? sound in all it 's forms is preferable than a useless search for the best sound . i 'd rather have that kind of an attitude than the bickering negative perfectionist snob attitudes of some of the reviewers here . having said that.. . i love these versions . i 've had them for some time . i have at least 4 versions of the symphonies . these are clear , well recorded , dynamic and straight forward . beethoven 's passion , mental range and personal warmth are within . you can easily hear the information that beethoven wanted you to hear . probably better than he could . no make that clearly better than he could . ha ha ! these are solid , lovely , beautiful , and astounding . listen to them 
software neg 696.txt this product is an absolute piece of junk . do not buy this product . will not even load properly onto computer . have wasted several hours trying to install product on windows xp platform with no success . i have wasted a whole day trying to install this piece of junk on my computer , now i will probably waste another day trying to return this bunch of garbage to the vendor . 
health pos 590.txt i have not been overweight for many years , but i still have that last 5-10 pounds that just will not stay off . i have several issues with eating - i tend to eat very large portions when i am really enjoying a meal , i snack a lot , and i have a major sweet tooth . this product has taken care of all 3 problems . i am currently taking 1000 mg 3 times a day . i plan to cut back a little once i 'm at my target weight . i find that this dosage will generally suppress my appetite and / or urge to eat for 3-6 hours . it 's odd for me to experience hunger without cravings and a frantic urge to eat...but that 's what the pills do for me . most of the time i can tell i 'm hungry only because my stomach is growling and it has been several hours since my last meal...but i do n't feel like i have to eat anything right away . i can go grocery shopping when i 'm hungry and not make poor choices , and even when i finish up at the gym after work i do n't feel ravenous anymore . i definitely get full faster . it does n't feel like it used to when i overate , i just can tell i 've eaten enough and i stop . what a concept ! and often i can just have a bite or two and be good for another 30-60 min if i 'm too busy to sit down and eat . my urge to snack has really been curbed . i still have one or two snacks most days , but they are much smaller and often more healthy . now i can actually stay up several hours past dinner without making another mini-meal , which i used to do almost every night . hoodia does not completely kill my appetite , it suppresses it quite a bit but more than anything it takes away all of my cravings . that is definitely my favorite part - i used to crave sugar from morning until night practically every day . since my first day on these pills , the only time i 've had sweets is when someone has offered me something . i 'm able to eat just a little and not wish for ten times more . it does not occur to me to go to the vending machine at work anymore , or buy candy when i 'm shopping . maybe even more than the weight loss , the emotional benefits of these pills are incredible for me . i 'm no longer berating myself constantly for overeating or having too much candy or dessert . i 'm not depressed all day anymore because my favorite pants have gotten snug , and all i can think about is why i do n't have the willpower to prevent it . i would definitely recommend this product , especially to anyone who has issues with food like i do 
camera pos 482.txt i 'm very happy with my camera . i recomend it for anyone . various funtions , the sofware included is good as well 
health neg 357.txt i 'm very sorry , but the universal remote control was not what i expected.like , when i want to turn on my tv . the vcr came on and visa versa . but the company was very helpful and quick to let me send it back and refunded me my money.very pleased about the service , thanks.regards yoka van dijk . 
camera neg 601.txt great camera for the price . but i guess you get what you pay for , bad warranty.......... . 
dvd pos 495.txt i mean that statement in two ways . first , in my humble opinion , this is martin scorcese at his finest . this is better than goodfellas by a wide margin . all of the regulars give awesome performances in this ( even sharon stone , who i ca n't stand ! ) . if you like mafia pictures , this is the best one to own . i also mean that it 's a great picture due to the fact that it 's on hd-dvd . the picture is astonishingly vivid and clear and the lights of las vegas really jump out of the television . it 's almost 3-d ! the extras are ample , but i 'd say adequate . that 's the reason i give it 4 stars instead of 5. there is the obligitory commentary , deleted scenes , and a couple featurettes . it 's all whipped cream and a cherry on top of an excellent sundae ! i do like that you can watch the extras and the movie at the same time with commentary running . this and batman begins are the reasons you should own an hd dvd player ! note : i have the hd dvd drive attached to my xbox 360 and it works brilliantly ! 
software pos 6.txt nobody , and i mean nobody , could be more of an illustrator novice & ignoramus than i . several months ago i was given a licensed copy of illustrator 9 that a departing coworker had used . wanting a chance to design the departmental logo that otherwise would 've gone to an agency , i raised my figurative hand and volunteered blindly for duty . having taught myself everything from ms-dos to turbocad , to photoshop elements , not to mention word , excel , and powerpoint ( do n't get me started on that latter program , argh ) , i figured i could tackle at least the basics of illustrator 9. loaded it on my laptop , took it home for a weekend....and just about lost my sanity - - and several fingernails - - trying to learn that confounding program . i managed to produce a few logos , one of which was chosen . but egads , what a big , stinky bear illustrator 9 was to wrestle . when i saw that cs2 had this live trace feature , i pleaded with my workplace santa to get it for me , and wow ! what an overall improvement ! ! illustrator will still not be as intuitive to pick up as an ms office product , but this comes darn close . with cs2 , they 've given us " hot tips " - - little clues about what some of the tools do , that pop up when you mouse over the tool . the intuitive menus are nice too . also cool is that all the text & paragraph and fill & stroke features , which used to be huge boxes taking up valuable real estate on the screen , are now condensed up on a small horizontal toolbar , like in the office products ... and when you mouse over them , the screen tips tell you how to expand them . aaaahh ! finally some help for dunces like me . live trace and live paint are unbelieveably cool . the very first thing i did after loading cs2 was to grab a .jpg photo of a soccer ball off google images , and within 20 minutes , without consulting any book or online help , i 'd converted it into a simple graphic image painted into the 2 colors i wanted . but as for a great guidebook , the reviewer who suggested illustrator visual quickstart guide by elaine weinmann was dead-on . i 've bought several other " highly rated " books to try to help me through the confounding quagmire of adobe products , so i 've seen them all . the visual quickstart book does n't have any of that insufferable " wanna-be-a-comic-novel-author " writing , and focuses just on the basics . and it 's very literal , with step-by-step instructions . still there 's no substitute for the utterly excruciating process of learning illustrator through experience . but the weinmann book 's better than any i 've seen yet . the only reason i have n't given this product a 5 is because it still does n't have the intuitiveness that it needs . in that way it 's still " snobby " - - aimed at pros , not folks like me who need to do occasional design stuff but not for a living . but this is a far , far , far cry better than illustrator 9. absolutely worth the money , just for live trace and live paint alone . 
health neg 962.txt you truly get what you pay for . what more can i say 
health pos 819.txt i really like this curling iron.. . - and you definitely ca n't beat the price ! it heats up very quickly , and gives me great curls . the key to working with large barrel curls are to use a mouse or cream to texturize your hair . then , after you curl , make sure to take a blowdryer on cold / low setting to lock the curls down . i always receive so many compliments on my hair ! ! 
health pos 738.txt i bought this dryer based on other people 's review . it is an excellent dryer . the air flow is strong and it dries my medium to long hair faster than my old one ever did . i did n't give it 5 stars because it is a bit heavier than most dryers...however , since it dries my hair fast , my arms do n't mind the weight . : ) 2 thumbs up in my book ! ! 
camera pos 488.txt after owning and using the camera for a month or so now , i am delighted with it . i have only replaced the batteries one time , so do n't know what the review hullabuloo about that was for . small lightweight , many features . choice of 6 meg , 5 , 4 , 3 , 2 , and 1 meg photos at fingertips . what i really decided on this camera for was the macro capability as i take photos of very small coins , and must be able to get in within an inch or two to do that . it preforms magnificantly . my previous camera had to add additional lens to do this which was a hassle . i love the samsung digimax s600. 
books neg 417.txt having read a few bosch books already ( the closers and lost light ) , i realized that i should probably start at the beginning to get better insight on how bosch became the bosch i was reading in the later series . however , i was very disappointed with this book . one of the most irritating aspects of this book was the grammatical errors ( mispellings and such ) . i found 3 or 4 in the first 50 pages ( before i stopped reading ) ! i thought it was ironic that connelly was thanking his editor at the beginning of the book , because it did not seem that anyone was editing this book . also , i found the book to be too gritty . it lacked the emotion and soul that i found in the later books . it seemed that connelly was trying too hard to make bosch fit this certain mold , but then transformed the character to be more likeable in the later books that i read . so it was disappointing that this book could not hold my interest because i just finished reading the narrows and loved it , and will probably pick up some other bosch books and just read it out of order . connelly 's writing seems to be getting better and better , which should explain why i did n't enjoy this book and could n't finish it . i gave it 2 stars because it might have gotten better and maybe i was too impatient . this is one of those series that seems like it is better to read out of order 
camera neg 912.txt if you are looking to take high quality pictures , then look elsewhere . it is nice for taking quick snapshots with the family or what-have-you , but not much else . ( or for a beginner in photography or a child . ) you have to hold very still if you do n't want your pictures to come out blurry . also , the flash makes images far too bright and if you do n't use the flash it sometimes makes images come out far too dark . the only thing i like about this camera is it 's size . it 's great to just keep in your pocket or your bag.. . anyway , i 'm buying a better one soon 
books neg 277.txt the literature of september 11 is never attacked . when a book speaks of september 11 ( or of terrorism in general ) , it is more or less guaranteed immunity from criticism ; it will almost inescapably be greeted with sympathy . jonathan safran foer 's extremely loud and incredibly close banks on such sympathy , on such reverence . the narrative , which concerns a nine-year-old boy named oskar schell in search of a key that would unlock / unshell the enigma of his dead father ( a narrative stolen , in its basic outline , from guenther grass 's die blechtrommel ) , could have been written entirely without its scattered references to the terrorist interventions . nor is this trauma the only one presented in the novel : the others include hiroshima / nagasaki , the staten island ferry crash , and the dresden bombings . each disaster is generalized to the point at which what is addressed is not a traumatizing event in its specificity , but historical " trauma " itself and the overcoming of trauma through bereavement-inspired creation . oskar , the insufferable brat , attempts to complete the work of mourning for his father , thomas schell , jr. , a victim of september 11 , by compiling an almanac of self-inflicted wounds , the collage of images and letters which is the book we are " reading " - --an almanac which , most likely , is written sometime in the indefinite future ( thomas shell , sr. 's manuscript of 4 / 12 / 78 is heavily edited ( pp . 208-216 ) . who has done the editing ? almost certainly an older version of his grandson oskar ) . if the term , " reading " even applies . whenever a " pregnant " image is described , foer literally re-presents it in the form of a pictorial image . when a flock of birds rises into the sky , it is not enough that we read of these birds- --we must see them as well . words may not be left in their invisibility ; we are presented with supplementary photographs , illustrations , since mere verbality is not enough . ( indeed , the entire novel oozes with misologos - - - the mistrust or hatred of language - - - in terms of both its content and its form . ) photographs , yes , and also a superabundance of blank pages and nearly blank pages . space is not used in the manner it is in the works of edmond jabes , for instance . typography does not substitute for a well-wrought sentence . foer abrogates himself of all responsibilities - - - most specifically , the responsibility to write well . why bother when the pyrotechnics of typography are at his disposal ? as far as the writing is concerned , it is composed of nothing other than mind-numbingly , soul-deadeningly repetitive phrases ( " heavy boots , " " raison d'etre , " etc. ) and sunday school platitudes : " sometimes one simply wants to disappear " ( 184 ) ; " there 's nothing wrong with not understanding yourself " ( 184 ) ; " everything that 's born has to die , which means our lives are like skyscrapers " ( 245 ) ; " how can you say i love you to someone you love ? ... it 's always necessary " ( 314 ) . whenever the author writes something that he finds " beautiful " and " true " ( 165 ) , he congratulates himself on his brilliance and tells us that that thing is " beautiful " and " true . " the entire book reeks of such unearned profundity . we also learn that most dust is made up of human detritus- --a very deep truth indeed , one that foer also communicates in his essay , " emptiness " ( originally published in playboy ) with all of the sanctimoniousness and self-righteousness of the faux naif who serves as the center of the novel , a sunday school lecture in which we learn that famous musicians ( ringo star ) and scientists ( stephen hawking ) are unthreateningly approachable : everything is familiarized . perhaps it is wrong to criticize foer for including so many blank pages in extremely loud and incredibly close , since the entire book is a vacuum : null space into which readers may project their own meanings . joseph suglia , ph.d . , the author of watch out 
books neg 400.txt we have to use this book for the college class that i 'm taking and it is a horrible book . i often find myself looking for help on the internet rather than going to this book . it is poorly organized , i have to go to the index in order to find something i specifically need because the book is n't in any order . i would n't recommend this book to anyone . find another there are many more 
books pos 166.txt i am married to a native new yorker and we spent an entire weekend looking over this book and talking about many of the wonderful places it mentions , many of which we still visit today . as an extra bonus for avid cooks , there are recipes . for anyone who remembers luchows or any of the other venerable , now closed restaurants the book mentions , it will take you back to happy times and good memories . it 's an excellent book and clearly schwartz has poured a great deal of research into what is his labor of love . 
dvd neg 670.txt this edition of the film sucks and sucks again . the wide screen version of this is a masterpiece - without the widescreen ratio this edition cannot be true to the comic book sensibility that bava intended . each shot was carefully composed ( and not intended to be butchered ) - this edition is a travesty - - especially when it 's purported to be put out by fans - do you 're homework . there are also scenes missing from this print , scenes that are important and add to the overall ambience . hey i thought the folks behind this were enthusiasts - - instead its just sloppy and self indulgent . look for the earlier laser disc edition ........... as for the extras do we really need the - it 's great because i used it in my video slop .... and it 's great because i did a bad homage / rip-off slop . the documentary in the extras takes great pains to point out that this film was intended to look like a comic book and that 's what was great about it . then when you watch the film what you get is less than a third of the original image ! strikes me a total scumminess . all in a all a fabulous opportunity wasted ... by a few lazy lard-asses with a quick-fix mentality . 
health neg 708.txt maybe my toenails are just too thick , but this cutter just is not heavy duty enough to cut them.. . i threw them away upon first use . my old toenail cutters were the same design but i do n't know who made them...they worked fine.. . heavier duty metal and much sharper . these are junk imho 
dvd pos 185.txt phantom quest corp. an action / comedy film about the drunken , karoake singing , party girl ayaka and her friends taking on paranormal enemies , from dracula to a possessed surgeon , mummies , and even magical monks . this movie is a comedic romp through the world of supernatural events . the only set backs on this flick can be that the theme songs can get a little annoying after hearing them too many times , the series is too short although it was still good . the video quality was also pretty nice , and subtitles were understandable and on que . the plot is sort of like scooby doo without the guys in masks , but more action and laughs . all in all this film is a great buy and worth the money spent . a great addition to any anime collection . 
camera pos 171.txt 2 years of heavy use - not even one little bitty problem . they 've traveled well under harsh conditions , and they still function wonderfully . there you go 
dvd pos 622.txt this was a very interesting movie . a friend told me to watch this movie after i told him that i really liked the movie the skeleton key . i think i liked the skeleton key better.. . but this was still a really good movie . there are a few scenes with nudity in it . not a movie for the youngsters . we had to stop the movie a couple times to talk about it and at the end my husband was the only one who guessed how it was going to end . a good movie if you want a movie that keeps you guessing 
camera neg 113.txt i was expecting much more from this flash , i already started looking for the better one . if i knew this was a closeout item i 'd never buy it . it died on me with no indication , sent to canon fixed and returned with a big scratch on it . now it does work but sometings wrong with recycle time even with brand new duracell batteries.. . save money and buy 5xx series flash. . 
camera neg 367.txt very disappointed in this product and amazon 's response to the problem . item clearly shows that a metal neck strap is included and until i complained that it was not included , this was still written up as being part of the accessary back at time of complaint but since been changed . they have told me they ca n't supply the missing part ( the metal neck strap showing in the photo ) as item comes from a freight forwarder . i did not get what i paid for and unable to return because item has been forward shipped out of the country 
software neg 906.txt i gave this a 2nd star for a support call ms provided . if you do have a frontpage server , and have it set " on " , it had some advantages over ftp . i bought it for use on our family website which is mainly pictures . i 've used 6-8 programs for creating galleries over the years . i think a perl script using linux ' mogrify worked best . this works worst ! the free ones w / the digital cameras beat it . frontpage is missing the most fundamental piece to view photos - a next / previous button . you can choose from several thumbnail displays including a cool mosaic / colage type thing . once you expand it , you must remember the shot you were on , back up , and then click on the next one ! unbelievable . i know what i need for handling photos efficiently . flicr has it - cross-tab indexing of the same photo . i think picassa is close and getting closer . this was n't worth the cost of picassa - free 
dvd neg 55.txt i saw all the revies for this movie and was expecting a dark enjoyable tale about a libtertine . i was strongly mistaken . johnny depp is a great actor with great abilites , but this is the worst movie of his i have ever seen . even his " cheesy " movies were better than this . the rated r rating is light . i could n't believe how pornographic it was . even in quills , it was n't as raunchy as this . do n't waste your money or your time with this one 
dvd neg 790.txt quite possibly one of the worst movies of all time . clive owen is really cool , but not in this movie . angelina jolie 's polital agenda totally fueled this film . what a waste of time 
health neg 946.txt the product is great , i already have the uni-lateral one and it rocks , so i wanted to buy the bi - lateral aka 2.. and two times they have sent me uni ones that were labeled as bi. . so your best bet is to bi 2 uni 's by themselves until amazon fixes the problem. . 
dvd neg 311.txt we got jason in space and we get pinhead in space . this is pure nonsense . words of wisdom to the makers of these sequels : when you start putting horror movie villains in space to kill people , it 's time to stop making these movies ! 
health neg 812.txt i have been using an electric shaver for 30 years.i have gone through 3 different syles of shavers this past year since my old remington died . none of them work well . what gives remington ? ? ? 
software neg 171.txt this computer system , although almost universally accepted , can be beaten in quality and flexibility by an operating system that can be downloaded for free , such as the fedora project ( a distribution of linux , a os which can be changed by anyone for free ) , or bought from software company supporting these open source project with unlimited customer support for around �50 ( $90 ) or less 
camera neg 817.txt i 've just returned this unit . it does n't play videos as advertised . i was able to get it to properly play .avi files at 320 x 240 resolution...see other review below . but 320x240 gives a postage stamp size picture . at 640 x 480 the playback was full size but jerky and broken....more later . i have now had 3 different brands of 8 " photo frames in my possession : a phillips , a pandigital , and this coby . i have developed the following list of features in my " ideal " photo frame . first , video playback : i 've been taking a lot of video clips with my digital still camera...they come out well and the convenience of not having to lug my camcorder along , and the ability to quickly transfer clip files within / between chips and my computer is attractive . i would like a frame which will play the format my camera is taking ( .mov , more later ) i 'd also like the frame to play a multi-media show...that is , to play movie clips in show presentations , intermixed with .jpg photo files . second feature is to play .wma music files , in addition to mp3. this is because i have a non-ipod personal music player . all my music is in .wma format because it is roughly half the file size of mp3. third , i would like a timer on my frame...set it to come on in the morning , off at night , for example . fourth , i 'd like an audio or speaker out feature . none of these frames has home theater-like sound , and i have an extra pair of computer speakers i 'd probably hook up . video out could come in handy too . fifth , i 'd like to be able to rotate stills from within the frame 's software , manually or automatically . yes , you can rotate them in the computer , but the frame may or may not preserve the rotation . ( this may depend on which photo edit program you are using . ) sixth , i 'd like a folder hierarchy file management system in the frame 's software . especially with the huge chips now available , i see an advantage to push a couple of buttons and change the picture set ( folder ) , rather than switching out chips . here is where the 3 units i 've had stack up , followed by my next ( fourth ) unit . i am keeping the pandigital....which costco has for $140. it plays .mov video files , but not within a slideshow . it has no speaker out jack and the sound is tinny . it requires mp3 music files . it permits picture rotation . no folder management system . no clock / timer . no ability to play stills / video intermixed . i think the coby and phillips picture quality is brighter but the pandigital is ok . the phillips did n't play video , and since it also had a software glitch when i returned it i decided to look elsewhere . ( no remote and no music with the philips either . ) the coby wo n't play my videos , even after i used my converter program to try about 10 different mp4 and avi variations . the coby plays .wma music files , wo n't rotate stills , has no folder system , no clock / timer . it has a speaker out jack . it does not permit intermixing video and stills in one multimedia show . picture quality is fully equal to philips , generally the recognized standard . if all you want is photos , and never turn your camera sideways , this unit will be a good value . another unit i 'd like to get to play with would be the image moments model by digitalfoci . i 've exchanged emails with someone there who clearly knows what they are talking about and i believe this unit will intermix my photos and videos . 
software pos 202.txt not bad , however , in version 10 , was able to use cntrl + to zoom in . used the + on the number pad - - now this function does n't work , and the only + that works is that in the top row of the keyboard . the zoom out " - " in the number pad still works , but not the plus . i say that 's not good . why ruin things with an upgrade 
books neg 530.txt i do agree that books containing racist positions should not be given to children without a strong and fully aware comment . but i simply cannot stand to buy a sanitised version of a book without being aware of it . this is called censorship , and it gives me the creeps . as a parent , i have had enough real life opportunities to prove racism wrong to my children . so to realise that somebody has been cheating on me , trying to do my job so that i did not have to explain how society has evolved , how difficult it has been for minorities to be recognised and respected is just a fraud . this review is about the harper collins edition , edited by patricia c . and frederick l . mckissak , illustrated by michael hague 
books neg 571.txt i have read this book , mr. moon 's & quot ; divide and quit&quot ; , mr. khosla 's work , & quot ; stern reckoning&quot ; amongst others on the subject of the partition . ms. butalia 's work is so saturated with her personal opinions and idealogy , that it almost ceases to be a work on history than the airing of one 's thoughts and mindset . almost a diatribe , if i may . i will agree with what john_galt_who has written . i think he has hit the nail on the head . i did not consider this book worth either the money or the time 
camera pos 641.txt this case is the perfect size to hold our sony camcorder and a few blank tapes . we purchased it for a cruise , because we wanted to carry-on the camcorder and have it protected , but not have to lug the large case we owned that holds all the accessories . this smaller case still protects the camera and allows room for some extras 
music pos 965.txt if you are looking for true hip-hop , this is a must for your collection . four of the best lyrist in the game is all on one cd . quit buying those fake ass hip-pop albums and get the real deal . from the production to mcing its all there . matter facts get 2 albums so when the first one is used up you 'll have a fresh one in the stacks . 
books neg 962.txt this is where ordering a book through the internet is a little disappointing , as you ca n't browse the book before purchasing it . & quot ; camping activities for kids&quot ; is very light on the & quot ; activities . &quot ; it does a good job of laying out items that should be brought along on ones first camping trip , but falls short on suggesting outdoor activities for kids . the activities that are suggested are a little simplistic . for example , & quot ; laying sticks apart from one another and pretending it 's a river , and then have the kids jump over it and playing golf with sticks and using pine cones as balls . &quot ; i was hoping for more endepth activities . if it 's your first time camping this books okay , but if you 've camped for awhile and your kids are a little older the book falls short so look for something else 
camera pos 88.txt i 'm new to the digital slr world . i had been using the built in flash on my rebel xt . the built-in flash had done alright , but was nothing to write home about . since i had spent most of my money on the camera , i needed a flash that was both affordable and would get the job done . this flash met both requirements . if you are an advance user , you will want a higher end flash because the flash has limited adjuastable features . yet , if you a newbie like me , this flash is great ! it has improved my picture quality dramaticly . 
health pos 412.txt accurate scale - records use of two different users plus guests ( or your chlidren ! ) remembers prior info . body fat % is a great and fairly accurate feature . these combined features make it worth the cost . plan on reading the manual to set up 
music pos 944.txt the first time you play this cd you 're just gonna hate it . promise ring 's third album is the opposite of this . very emergency is super catchy and tight but you get sick of it quick , there 's just not much there . that understood , this album will rock you for years . it grows on you . at first listen it sounds like really bad emo demos . like the faceless band you saw open for fugazi the last time they hobbled into town . no hooks , no choruses , lots of really bad singing and sloppy guitar [with the drums mixed way too loud , an emo thing]. on the 100th listen , if you make it that far , it will sound like an old friend yammerin ' on about the good old days . trust me , it 's a desert island disc in the making , i envy those of you just discovering this cd 
health pos 446.txt unlike many of the other reviewers , i actually bought this shaver to use on my head . i have been shaving my head for the past 2 years and during that time have used a panasonic es8066. it was a fine product ( able to be used either wet or dry , unlike the braun ) , but i had no idea that upgrading to the braun 8985 would make such a difference . i shaved my head in one third the time it took me using the panasonic ! no longer did i need to keep going over the same spot again and again . the braun took off the hair in one or two passes , cutting just as close with considerable ease and less irritation . i ca n't believe i wasted two years shaving with my old shaver ! i know panasonic has since come out with new and improved shavers , and i ca n't comment on its new vortex shaver , but i know i wo n't be returning my new braun any time soon 
books neg 883.txt what this is : an epic adventure . it would be imappropriate to review the wot series when speaking of the prophesies of the dragon book ; it 's also not really a supplement akin to , say , the monster manual for d&d- -the only extra skills , feats , backgrounds , etc are those directly related to npcs in the campaign . what prophecies is designed to do is take a party of characters through their first six levels of adventuring , which correspond roughly to the first six books of the series of novels . the players are allowed to play a key behind the scenes role in the story of the novels and cameos have been scripted for many of the book 's key characters . it 's a really ambitious undertaking ; players have to be given a compelling storyline , feel like they 're making a difference in a campaign that covers over a year of game time , without letting them change what happens in the novels . does it work ? i am currently gming this adventure . on paper , it looks really good . some of the scenes , especially in the later parts of the story , look exciting , moving even . faile 's cameo is perfect , for example . in practice , though , it 's been an extremely frustrating experience . first , the early encounters ( as pointed out by another reviewer ) are unnecessarily difficult and add nothing to the plot . as things progress , the authors presume too much on the goals and motivations of the players . there is one chapter , for example , where the introduction says something along the lines of , " upon entering the city , the players will want to find ( a certain npc ) as soon as posible and will definitely want to investigate the actions of ( another npc ) . " the players in my campaign knew they wanted to talk to one of these guys eventually , but the other one was off their radar completely . throughout , i 've had to improvise ways to keep them approximating the plot line of the campaign and by chapter 3 , they 're feeling very manipulated . the campaign assumes the party wants to do nothing more than hunt down dark friends and expose evil plots and will take great personal risk and go through great hardship ( including , at one point , a monthlong trek through a winter wilderness without adequate provisions ) on the chance of thwarting same . characters with any other motivations ( say , a character modeled after mat or nynaeve in the books ) will feel forced into situations unnaturally . there has been more than one point where one of the players saying , " i *think* this is where the plot wants us to go . " so , in conclusion , while this adventure is excellent in its dreams and scope- -and it 's definitely better than something i could have designed myself- -but it will fail often fail as a game . if you are intending to run a wot campaign , buy this adventure , read it so that you thoroughly understand its scope before you even let your players make up characters . the characters need to be created to fit the story or the story wo n't work 
camera neg 764.txt do n't be fooled by the enticing 6 megpixels that this camera offers . i 'd been waiting along time to upgrade from my 3 mp nikon coolpix sq as the prices of the higer resolution cameras continued to drop . what 've i 've discovered , however , is that there is so much sensor noise in the full resolution 6 mp images from this hp camera that the additional resolution is worthless . the images look absolutely horrible . my little nikon sq with it 's lower resolution produces much sharper pictures at every image size . do your homework and make sure that the sensor in the camera you 're buying is a good one 
health neg 546.txt this scale was off by about 10 or 15 pounds . i went to the doctor a few days after getting this scale and i was so relieved to find out that i was not 10 pounds heavier than i feared . do n't waste your money on a scale that wo n't give you an accurate weight 
health pos 884.txt i 've used this for quite some time now and really like it . i do n't have the trouble with the toilet flushing that others seem to - but i suppose if you have one of those one-gallon regulated toilets , you 'd probably have some trouble with this paper . it is thicker and tons softer , but it does a wonderful job too on things like runny noses , running cat 's eyes , cleaning the bathroom sink , mirror , you name it . it 's pretty strong stuff and i highly recommend it 
health pos 635.txt i have used this twice a day and love it . best buy at this price 
software pos 988.txt my sister have been uesing it since i bought it for her and i think she like it 
health pos 203.txt this water jet is excellent . it allows you to have a separate chamber for water and mouthwash . it also comes with different attachments for your gums , teeth and tongue . excellent product at an excellent price 
books pos 878.txt i am a huge thomas hardy fan , and i was not disappointed with this book . at first all the technical astronomical information was slow , but the love story started and that was forgotten . my only complaint about two on a tower is the ending . it seems very rushed - everything comes crashing together in about 10 pages . it was n't realistic for viviette to age so much and no longer be beautiful 4 years later , considering she was only 33 at the end of the story . sir constantine was possessive , jealous and terrifying but she still kept her health and beauty after suffering with him . the bishop was full of himself - how is that worse ? a few years with him and all of a sudden she 's an old woman with a heart condition ? swithin comes back and says he 'll marry her , she 's overcome with joy and boom ! she dies in his arms . i also find it strange that neither swithin or viviette acknowledged that the boy was his . did n't people in the village realize who he looked like , since people were already suspicious of the lovers ? what will happen next , swithin takes his son in and marries tabitha lark ? a very good , sad , complicated romance 
health pos 616.txt i have used every diaper in the market and narrowed it down to pampers and huggies , i have a big 21 month old baby and been looking for the perfect night time diaper with no leaks ! ! my son still fits in the size % diapers but this is the one we specifically use at night and been really happy about it , no leaks , no gel coming out of the diaper and defintely a happy baby when he wakes up in the morning ! 
dvd neg 712.txt i resent the comment of the reviewer who said this is the worst film in 100 years . i make it 200. the other reviewers have noted the idiotic factual mistakes that makes this such a howler . i just loved the u.s air force personnel with scottish and english accents . they must have overrun the $500 budget at that point . 
music neg 226.txt although prince is an utter genious ! this cd is merely a boring contract filler . i suggest you buy one of his older albums or the new album " musicology " instead 
books neg 71.txt one of the spotlight reviewers says that by combining two great characters- -sunny randall and jesse stone- -robert b . parker has doubled our fun . quite the reverse . he has cut it in half . the characterizations of sunny and jesse are enormously feeble ; and the the rest of the characters are no great shakes , either . sunny 's irish mafia uncle is a cardboard cutout . suitcase simpson has three funny lines and is heard from no more . the villains- -buddy , erin , missy , gerard , moon- -are little more than vague names and stereotyping . spike is relegated to a scene and a half . oddly , the only interesting character is a very minor one : eddie . but he only stays around for 10 minutes even the plot is tissue-thin . the love-story is lame ; the sex-scenes boring . worst of all , who should appear but ( christ ! ) susan silverman , from the spenser series : one of the dampest and most wooden and least interesting characters in fiction . as with " cold service " and some others , parker is just coasting with this one . he is capable of far better . 
camera pos 961.txt after setting booby traps for zombies , i like to whip out my bushnell waterproof scope and wait for the oncoming herds to trample on in . this scope is just great because it cuts down on glare and is also waterproof . it is good to have some foreward advancement of options when dealing with the zombies so when you are set up this scope can give you good range in spotting them on your trail ! ! 
music neg 949.txt ignore the unique cover , clever song idea ( there is 30 ) which represent a comic book . ignore all that . it simply is not good . what is this ? i dont even know how to describe this music . it 's not even songs , but more a bunch of really short experimental , non-sensequel , inerworkings of annoyance . they will start off with a riff as if they are going on to a song , but its only a tease , until they stop and go slow , to say , " get on with it ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! " add a bunch of zany sound effects , not to mention the recurring anoyance of a high pitched voice ringing out , sci-fi clips and completly hoarse vocals that are screams , and sounds , that add up , to one of the most pointless albums ever put out 
books pos 145.txt ' the interface between the written and the oral ' is a comprehensive look at the development of writing in general and alphabets in particular , oral poetry in ancient greece and modern africa , oral transmission of ( written ) vedas , the impact of writing on recently oral cultures in west africa , and the impact of writing on our own abilities of thought and organization . perhaps the most disheartening , but nonetheless informative section , deals with the counterintuitive measures that social scientists have come up with to measure the impact of literacy . they seem to be lacking in common sense . goody , however , is full of common sense , and this book is excellent reading 
health pos 250.txt i recieved my product in a reasonable amount of time and i am happy with the product . 
health neg 109.txt much too rough and dry for our baby . if you want to find good baby wipes i recommend the pampers sensitive wipes which are soft and moist . 
dvd pos 901.txt this dvd is one of the best i have seen . only britney spears live tops this in picture quality.ricki sings his best songs in front of new york city backdrop . he put alot of energy into this concert.the sound quality is the best and picture quality is also great . a little bit less fuzz on some objects would have been nice ! but still its great and colorfull with all the lights on stage 
books neg 470.txt i personally do not see how this book could have won a newbery medal . while the author portrays sibling rivalry effectively , that is about the only positive aspect of this book . the fact that the teenage girl protagonist has a crush on an elderly man is disgusting and is presented as not only being acceptable but understandable . sara 's family is also unsupportive to her sulky and jealous attitudes . her grandmother is a busybody and consantly antagonizes the family . sara 's twin sister gets all the attention and love , leaving sara starving for parental care . finally , christianity is portrayed as harsh and judgemental . this book could possibly be acceptable for adults but never for children and i would not recommend it to anyone . i wasted my time with this book : please do n't waste yours . 
dvd pos 777.txt first , i thought i bought it for my great old days . but it 's not . i really love it , and i ca n't stand watch it and watch it again.. . ! ! hi studio , would you please release the 2nd season ! ! almost 2 years waiting ? o..come o 
software pos 974.txt was using datamanager , but disliked the constant disk access in background . acronis backs up well without constant background disk access , and uses less disk space 
music pos 637.txt ummm if you buy it you will know i borrowed it from a friend and he never got it back...so i bought him another 
dvd pos 599.txt this movie has more magic than a wand . this movie is a story about having faith in your beliefs . young jessica is so sure that this reindeer is prancer she is willing to go to extremes to help save her friend . sam elliot plays a tough dad who wants to have faith in his only daughter but is scared of losing her and his farm . this a wonderful classic for the young and old . 
dvd pos 760.txt eddie and rose are meant to be in nicole savoca 's " dogfight . " this is a warm and wonderful movie ; those of us who have seen it have an obligation to spread the word to as many others as we can . it 's sad that so few people have heard of or seen dogfight . how a film that was so universally well liked by viewers and critics managed to completely slip under the radar of popular attention is a mystery to me . many others have synopsized the story , so i wont be repetitive . i will say that this movie 's genius is in its acting . river phoenix and lili taylor have the chemistry of childhood friends , and it shows in scene after scene . river gives the most endearing performance of his career in this film as the affectedly coarse , absurdly young " jarhead , " eddie , about to ship out to vietnam . his coming of age is the narrative behind this movie , while rose 's idealism and grace throughout the humiliating ordeal of the " dogfight " make her character angelic . the poignancy of the closing scene , in which eddie embraces rose , in tears , after having lost his three best friends during the vietnam war will stay with you for a long time . dogfight is a unique and touching film . it harkens to a sensibility which is dissatisfied with much of the droll offered as " romantic " by hollywood today . 
camera neg 35.txt i purchased this camera in august 2006 and have sent it out for repair 4 times already for the same problem and it is november 2006. kodak just keeps telling me to send it to get repaired . is that right ? it takes great pictures but when you try to download them to your computer it works the first time . you try to do it a second time and it freezes and gives you a cannot read device message . i have two kids and the most important thing is to send picture emails to all the relatives across the globe on their updated lives . i now have to go to my local photo place to get a cd and prints made and then download them into my easyshare software . oh , should n't it be easier after spending that much money on a camera . also , i had to purchase a dock adapter for my printer dock . when i put the camera on the dock , it does n't charge the battery or print pictures , the screen just goes grey . this camera has had its main board and firmware repaired and replaced every time that it has come back to me . the cost of shipping , cd 's and prints has just added to the headache this camera has given me . kodak has not been helpful at all and they inform me the only form of communication of through email . what are they afraid of , they need to face the problem and satisfy their customers . do not purchase this camera , it is a great if you just never want to get them out of the camera 
dvd pos 162.txt eric stoltz give 's a kick ass performance here ! ! how 80 's is this movie ? ? ..very. . which is why it rule 's ! ! gotta love elias kotes as a skinhead punk ! ! he look 's a bit like henry rollins back in the day ! ! i like the storyline a lot as well...thing is though i dont know why he decided to go for his more friend of a girl as oppossed to tomlin 's charachter..maybe because he knew her better ! this a real good view into the 80 's ! ! see it today ! ! ! 
books pos 268.txt digital photography is a fast-moving target , and this book manages to keep abreast of the latest changes with valuable information that 's vital for anyone doing digital photography . it explains all the key concepts clearly and completely , with lots of advice on getting the best photographs with any type of digital camera . i would have liked additional coverage of digital slrs , but i have found that elsewhere , and still prefer complete digital photography 's treatment of the broader topics 
dvd neg 269.txt this very b grade horror film left alot to be desired . aside from one blasemophous scene where the demon priest sucks on a crusifix to suggest oral sex , and a young man who has ripped open his shirt to carees his pecks sucks his crusifix , there wasnt much to make this unrated . if your expecting to see frontal or rear nudity , forget it ! the nearest thing is teenage guys running around in tight calvin klein undies . however , if your someone who likes to use your imagination , this might be for you . one good thing about this flick is a pre charmed hottie drew fuller rubbing himself all over in his undies . if your a big drew fan like me , it might be worth buying , utherwise go buy a playgirl 
software pos 148.txt i bought this package because my daughter needed to be able to do word processing and make presentations for school . i used it because its what is being used at my office . i wish they had included frontpage instead of one note ( which i really have n't been able to find a use for ) . otherwise , it works the same as other ms office packages i 've used in the past 
health neg 889.txt hello , i recently bought this blood pressure monitor.....it functions all well......but it gives incorrect readings.......i mean the readings vary significantly........not once , twice...but many many times......i was and am never sure about the validity of the readings.... . purchase this at your own risk.....my recommnedation would be to get a manual blood pressure monitor like the one with the doctors.....atleast u will know that the readings r genuine...and u can always find someone who can spare 5 minutes and help u get the readings..... . take care and stay healthy..... . 
books neg 474.txt i have a hard time believing that the author has ever seen an episode of tng . i had to force myself to finish this book it was so bad . by far the worst star trek book i have ever read . if you want a good one read ' federation ' and stay as far away from this one as you can 
software pos 26.txt extremely helpful and superior graphics and choices to change your computers them 
camera neg 477.txt i lost my hp r607 while on vacation and needed to replace it quickly . i could n't fine another r607 ( which i really liked ) , so i purchased the hp m407. i thought it would be the next best thing to my misplaced camera...not ! ! i do n't like anything about this camera...it 's terrible ! you can take about 4 pictures with regular batteries , about 10 with rechargeable ones ( even with screen off ) . it says " auto focus " , but i do n't think it has any focus at all....not far away , not close up , nothing ! it takes a really looooooooong time to actually take the picture after you press the button . i really hate it ! keep looking...do n't buy this camera 
software neg 525.txt i contacted the program 's customer service department when the cards in this program printed off center no matter what i did . i received an email saying that this was a known problem with the program and a fix would be available by the end of january . mid-february i asked again about it as there had been no fix . that time they said it would be fixed by the end of february . i 've used their previous programs w / out problems , just wanted more variety so added this one . apparently not a good idea.... . 
camera pos 845.txt this is a nice lightweight tripod from sony . stable and well built . i have used it with both still and video cameras without any problems . it would be nice if it came with a travel bag of some sort 
dvd neg 256.txt i really tried to come to this movie with and open mind . i 'm a huge fan of jane austen and i thought the 1995 bbc miniseries actually came close to doing justice to her novel . still , i was looking foreward to seeing a new interpretation . unfortunately this one seemed to miss the point of the story . jane austen had a hilarious way of satarizing the social conventions and mores while being in their midst . this film ignores the social conventions altogether and therefore misses a great deal of austen 's humor . for example an unmarried man and woman would never greet each other in their pajamas . a man would never visit his fiancee while she was lying sick in bed in her nightgown . when these rules of propriety are ignored by the film , how are we supposed to understand or believe that it 's a big deal when lydia runs away with wickham ! ? another example is lady catherine . this is a woman who lives and dies by her snobbery and rigorous adherance to social conventions . yet in this film we see her barge into the bennet household in the middle of the night and wake lizzie up to ask a question that could easily waited until morning ( when lady catherine would n't have had to get her carriage driver out of bed to drive several miles in the dark - no streetlights remember - to the bennet household ) because no one adhere 's to societies rigorous , and for the most part arbitrary , rules , the movie misses the opportunies to subtly wink at the audience as it laughs at such things . another weakness lies in the casting . granted these actors had big shoes to fill . colin firth and jennifer ehle seemed to embody their characters in the 1995 miniseries , but as i said , there are other ways to interpret and play the characters . unforunately here everyone seems as if they 're reading lines with dramatic inflection - not acting . you can almost imagine keira knightly 's script having notes saying " insert spunkiness here " . while the scenery is lovely , the windswept cliff and farm images seem to recollect the tortured landscape of a bronte adaptation more than a manacured austen setting . overall this film comes off as one big missed opportunity 
health neg 964.txt the description says " slipcover zips off for easy cleaning " , but the product did not come with a slipcover . the pillow itself is in the blue gingham pattern . now i have to find a slipcover that wo n't blend in with the blue gingham pattern underneath 
camera neg 188.txt this gets 1 star for the simple fact that it does n't seem to fit my mark ii body properly . 
health pos 173.txt i can say before i started to use this product i was always afraid of wearing white clothings but tide to go has totally changed everything . initially i thought this was just a gimmick but i thought it was worth a try , ...soo...i bought it with me during our two-week trip with my parents in august..and it came handy...my dad bought a brand new white jacket and had it put on immediately and then decided to drink a cup of coffee..unfortunately , he spilled the coffee on the white jacket when he tried to open the lid to put sugar in it...my mother immediately wiped the coffee off with napkins..the coffee stain , however , was still there...then..i remember i had put a tide-to-go in my purse...i immediately used it on all coffee stains on the white jacket...and to my surpise , all the brown spots resulted from the coffee spill were gone...amazing..i have used this on different kind of food stains . i 've used it on coffee stain , spaghetti sauce stain , juice stain and they all worked . my mother , my mother-in-law , and my sister-in law they were all so amazed at the result that they all asked me for one to carry with them . nowadays i do n't leave home without one in my purse..i used to be afraid of wearing white clothings , i am no longer afraid of wearing whites because of tide-to-go..this is definitely a useful product to carry with you everywhere you go..oh..as far as the smell goes..the smell is bearable to me...and in order to use it you have to push it down to get the actual fluid to flow out through the tip of the tide-to-go marker . 
dvd neg 485.txt solar flow is a fine dvd , but should not be marketed as something separate from yoga shakti . there are no new sequences , just remixes of the shakti sequences . since you can rearrange all the shakti sequences on your own , solar flow is superfluous . i do n't feel a lot of shanti being swindled into purchasing the same thing twice . a little disclosure please ! -rebecc 
dvd pos 6.txt this is a great dvd for all collections even if the movie stank which it did not . the package is worth the coin . 
health pos 264.txt i always have purchased caruso steam rollers but when i purchased their new ionic roller set it lasted i week and it was almost 3 times the money of the vidal sassoon . this is the best ! 
books pos 71.txt this is a wonderful book , aimed at helping the struggling new mom with the all-too-often misunderstood post-partum depression symptoms . while i am thrilled that such a renowned star is willing to share her story for the benefit of others , i urge brooke shields to re-consider a comment she made recently . she indicated that while she knows now that post-partum depression is real and requires treatment of both medicinal and therapy support , ...she does not believe that adhd exists nor that it requires the same level of support . it is essential that such public figures realize that what they have experienced is not the only form of reality . thousands suffer with adhd in ways that interfere with their livlihood , schooling , relationships and self-esteem issues . studies have shown this challenge to be as real and as debilitating as post partum depression . so please , brooke...do n't deny the realities of other maladies , simply because you have n't experienced them . you of all people should realize how frustrating it is to have your challenges blown off by others . your " voice " is heard loudly . your message must be correct . thank you 
camera pos 860.txt everything was excellent . the digital camera , the delivery . thank you a lot ! ! ! ! 
dvd neg 594.txt i did not like this dvd at all . it requires too many props such as bricks , belts , towels , blankets , chairs , etc.. . each pose takes too long due to lengthy explanations . as a beginner i find this too boring and studio based and unable keep my attention . i feel it was a waste of money and do n't recommend it 
dvd neg 607.txt my hd-dvd also does not work on the 360 add on . i tried the press ok and everything else i could think of . this disk just freezes right after the production logo when it should be going to the menu . this is the only hd-dvd disk that i 've had a problem with and i have about 10 of them . i did n't purchase the chicago disk as i already have it and did n't think it was worth the hd purchase . i did purchase the eagles hd-dvd and it is excellent . that one also has a trick to it . it defaults to a pcm stereo file so you have to triger it to the dts on mode and then it is amazing . i hope its true that microsoft is working on a patch for heart . i saw them last year and they were fantastic . not as good as the old days but neither am i . they still surprised me that they sounded sooo good . **** update**** since amazon does n't have acceptible response . e-mail from distributor image entertainment received 2-13-07 : dear dave thank you for you inquiry . we apologize for the inconvenience you are experiencing with our product , but the problem is not with the software . this issue is isolated to the xbox add-on , as our product plays as intended on all stand-alone players . our replicator initially found this problem and has been working directly with microsoft and they are close to resolving this issue . we remain in communication with both the replicator and microsoft and we believe that an announcement will be made as soon as a firmware upgrade is available , after which time , your disc will play as intended . again , we apologize for this temporary inconvenience . thank you dedra l dean customer service representative image entertainment hope this helps you all . it made me happy ! 
dvd neg 370.txt this movie is just terrible ; even more than most of the predictably terrible films in this genre . women with terrible haircuts , dirty homes filled with poor taste in furniture , jobs a 16 year old would have - or no jobs at all , awkward behavior , barely able to function socially...uh+gh ! the truth is , there are gay women out there who look great , have beautiful homes , have very progressive and meaningful careers , have talent and are entertaining and sexy . who says this is representative ? ? not in my world it isn't . i am so sick of these painful displays of us . anyone who gave it over 2 stars is childishly defending the genre in general , and not talking about this stinker of a film . the filming is poor , the sound is dull...do n't waste your time . 
dvd pos 73.txt if your a pacino fan this is for you one of his earlier films this deals with a lawyer not a crooked lawyer but a good mostly honest lawyer and all the things that a lawyer has goon through or could go through this is a instant classic and the story to the movie is excellent highly recomende 
dvd pos 896.txt i did n't give this five stars because it 's some kind of oscar-worthy achievement , but if you are a fan of the quirky , b-grade fantasy genre that had its heyday in the late seventies to late eighties , then this film is a must . " hawk " offers hilarious jump-cut editing , dialogue that is spectacular in its badness , and probably the most memorable elf character ever put to film . for all that , the film is also remarkable for its innocence , in a time when cheesecake t&a fantasy like " the sword and the sorceress " and the infamous " deathstalker " series were the norm , " hawk the slayer " keeps it clean , and is all the funnier for it . if you have the right sort of friends , then snap this gem up , invite them over for beer and pizza , and have a go . it 's more than worth it 
health pos 461.txt i bought this straightener at the advice of my hairdresser ( well , the pink one was my idea ) and this is by far the best product i 've ever used . i even took a long run yesterday and my hair still looks great - and it 's usually a nappy , tangled mess after i work out . there really is nothing better than the chi for straight , silky hair . i 've used it on a couple friends and they swore to go out and buy it . it 's worth the price 
dvd pos 828.txt this film harks back to a time when africentricity was woven into the psyche of the younger generation . blackness informed all of their life decisions and defined their aesthetic . this is definitely true of the younger generation in this film . another dynamic at play in this film is a sort of intergenerational upheaval . some members of the older generation were reconsidering their long held beleifs on what it meant to be black in america while the rest of the older generation stood firm staunchly defending their fossilized ideals . so if you 're in the mood to see a comedic family film with a post sixties revolutionary air view " five on the black hand side " and breathe in the culture 
health neg 734.txt i searched around for a quite long time before i decide to purchase this model - the performance of this clipper is very poor , i have to switched back to my old kit to cut my son 's hair . very dispointed 
camera neg 250.txt after a week the cammera did not work . the shop has a return police , but they did not send a ra number needed to return the item . they asked me an adress in the usa , and whwn i sent it they did nor answered . in my country , argentina , the local distributor said the garantee is not valid for them 
camera neg 461.txt i bought a jvc mini dv just over a year ago . it now does not work . of course , the warranty has now expired and i am out of luck . spent $400 on this model . i do not recommend jvc . 
software neg 331.txt i am a novice at web page creating and i am overly glad i tried the free web trial ( of course i lied about my address and my first born etc. that you must give to just get the so called " free " trial ) this is the worst web page editor for not so with it people . it does not look anything even close to what frontpage had and again i am highly disappointed with it . where are the themes , web counters and the other simple to understand components ? i did try namo web editor and for people like me , it is very good . this may be wonderful for those of you who are very web page saavy but again if you are a novice do n't get this or uprgrade to it , you will be highly disappointed 
camera neg 525.txt the main reason i ordered this kit was for the battery . when i received it ....no battery included . i contacted amazon and all they could do was give me a number for sony customer service . thanks amazon ! ! 
books neg 533.txt this book is poorly written and even more poorly edited . the back cover states ... " every subject is given background and basic exercises to allow beginners to figure it out . " it is a great statement , but it is unfortunately not true . page 6 : " so what formats can a script be saved as ? there are three main kinds of script files : regular compiled script , which is the native applescript file format , and scripts saved as plain text or as applications . on top of that , os x added a new option for saving compiled scripts and script applications called " bundle . " bundles are folders that appear and behave as files . you can read about them in chapter 23. " - i guess bundle is not a " main " format ? why is there a distinction between main formats and , for lack of a better term , minor formats ? i have no idea . page 35 : " every class has a super class . " page 40 : " we saw that objects belong to classes , and classes may have subclasses and super classes . " - which sentence is correct ? page 43 : " when you work with an application that does n't support the whose clause , you have to settle for slower , clumsier repeat loops . " - repeat loops are not explained earlier in the book . there is no reference on this page to the repeat loops that are explained extensively in chapter 11 , pages 321-343. i wanted to like this book , but i do not . i look forward to a revised first edition or new second edition of this book , because it does have potential to be great . however the next edition needs more polished writing and meticulous editing 
books neg 768.txt i have an amazon bookmark that advertises ludlum 's book " the sigma protocol " . it says " in ludlum 's latest , an ordinary man battles a global conspiracy . " well gee . that 's the plot of this book as well . come to think of it , that 's the plot of every book by the man that i 've read . a ' vast right wing conspiracy ' is set to take over the world . they have small armies , a lot of money and a plan . this time around , a group of military men ( naturally ) plan to foment terror , and use the chaos to implement their vision of the world ( laugh not - millions in the middle east and far left believe 9-11 was something along the same lines ) . enter " ordinary man " joel converse . he 's a vietnam vet and p.o , w . who thought he had left that life far behind . it 's up to him to save the world . he will survive certain death several times ( the bad guys always seem to think they need him alive , and they just have to explain their conspiracy to this total stranger ) . he will find love , and he 'll visit several european cities to boot . of course , a suspension of disbelief is essential for many novels ( how else would you believe that a nazi and an israeli are on the same side ? ) , but ludlum 's cliched stories are further worsened by the fact that he just could n't write . his dialogue writing is always tedious , and sometimes just painful to read . action scenes are generic . the only thing he could do right is character background , but that 's not enough to save this . " the aquitaine progression " might make a half decent tv movie , but to endure 700 pages is just too much 
dvd neg 352.txt i could barely get through the...um...er...reimagination...of the childern 's classic - while the set design and special fx are state of the art , as usual for a tim burton film , the actual movie is hard to watch . why ? depp 's " performance " is chock full of ticks and mannerisms , off-putting , flat , self-absorbed , and finally , one-note . rather than the quirky fun of the original 1972 gene wilder version , burton 's film is more horror than fantasy , often casually cruel and sadistic to the point of being far from family fare . while deliberate on burton 's part , that does n't make the final product any more watchable . it 's one grim , dismal , downward spiral slog . not much holidday fun , huh ? as with most of burton 's other big , expensive failures , he knows how to create a convincing world , but has no clue how to populate it with characters and situations we identify with and / or could care less about . the final result is a film that 's like a fragile , hermetically sealed curio on the shelf - nice to look at from afar , but hard to get attached to , much less involved with . what a waste of millions of studio $$$ 
music neg 37.txt i felt like i was taking a piss on myself the whole time i listened to this album . what happened to the 40 water of the old days that used to rap with spice 1 , 2pac , and mc breed ? this clone of 40 raps with the likes of lil jon ( wack as hell ) , washed up 80 year old too short , and a bunch of losers i have never heard of . the album only gets props because eightball and mjg are on the album and ugk . and they almost played themselves by appearing on this god awful so called " album " . e-40 has fallen into this commercial west coast version of crunk called " hyphy " in attempts to breathe life into his lifeless career . the album has some decent beats on it but there is no kind of lyrical content to be found anywhere . e-40 would n't know lyrical content if i slapped him with a krs-one cd . this cd is wack simple and plain , pee-40 is a beat waster , and he needs to find the nearest car wash and start drying off cars ! ! 
dvd pos 83.txt fast times at ridgemont high is a clever , insightful , and wicked film ! it is not just another teen movie , though to the casual observer it might be . no , it is a time capsule into the socal lifestyle that pervaded much of the films of the late 70 's and 80 's as well as it is a time capsule into the mindset of teenagers all over the u.s. circa 1982. sean penn ( whom i 'm not a big fan of ) as jeff spicoli is truly inspired ! i find myself to this day trying to imitate his dead on surfer takes . what an awesome character . when he says , " you d*ck ! " to ray walston 's mr. hand ( another inspired and forever memorable character ) , you just wanna roll on the floor ! jennifer jason leigh is nicely sweet and innocent as a junior high girl struggling with sexuality . phoebe cates as the girl who believes herself to be in the only truly " mature " relationship anyone has ( with a college boy ) is fresh and believable . judge reinhold as leigh 's older brother is inspired . mike damone is a sleaze and a great character ( if only he really believed in himself as much as he wants others to ) . in fact , this film boasts huge numbers of young actors who went on to become stars . the script by a very young cameron crowe is brilliant ! fast times came out at roughly the same time as the last american virgin and several years after rock and roll high school . neither of those other films is anywhere on par with fast times . at times , light and airy , fast times carries a serious " message " that teen agers are truly finding their way in life in the best way they know how . it is somewhat inspired that we never actually see the parents of any of the kids in the film . the adults we see are those with whom they interact with outside the home : truly , teenagers feel that their young lives are more affected by people other than their parents . while last american virgin approached some of the same topics that fast times does , it did it in a more sinister way . fast times does n't gloss over teen age problems , but puts them in perspective of how the teenager his / herself deals with them . yes , it 's a comedy and yes it is funny , but it is not just a film for kids 
dvd neg 523.txt this one is just plain awful ! ! it 's a bunch of hollywood brats being histrionic . 
books pos 715.txt this town feels so typical at first - - the suburban couple , husband with misc . job and wife who 's good at parties . the gem in cheever 's writing is to render these people and their neighbors with the true unique humanity and quirks we all possess . sometimes cheever 's work can seem stereotypical , everyone drinking gin and having weird suicidal urges . this book , though , is a masterful blend of truly normal people and the creepy backstory that lives next door 
music neg 32.txt oh , this is pure adult garbage all right . i have never heard a more disguisting piece of music then this , then again the movie was garbage also 
camera pos 798.txt when i first opened up the " super quick charger " i was a bit put off.. . it 's small , it 's cheap looking.. . compared to the old nicd charger i used to have it was very unimpressive . then i plugged it in . say what you will about this barebones solution , it works amazingly well . it charges the batteries quickly and the batteries last a really long time in between charges . it does exactly what i was looking for . if i could improve anything it would be to implement some sort of cover on the battery slots . while it 's not essential to the process by any means , it would look a lot better , and the batteries would be less prone to being jostled out of their positions in mid-charge by a curious cat . 
health pos 943.txt have used this product on myself for many years when particapating in ultra endurance cycling events , as well as on my family when vacationing in tropical area 's where the sun will cook you quickly without adequate sun protection . do not be fooled by thinking you will not get tanned by using spf 45 or better . that is a misconception...why not walk away from your experience in the sun without the discomfort of sun poisoning . found best result 's when put on indoors prior to being in the sun . 
camera neg 52.txt i purchased this set , and upon arrival , i found the circular polarizer to be defective . amazon quickly replaced the set , and this polarizer did not work either ! i returned the set , as i am not going to waste any more time trying to get a polarizer that works . i 'll pay more , and get a quality product from a different maker . i will say that amazon is second to nobody for customer service . i appreciate that , and will continue to be an amazon customer . however , i ca n't say the same for tiffen . 
dvd pos 685.txt i have now seen about twenty asian horror films , and this series definitely ranks among the best . i have written more extensive reviews under the individual titles , but suffice it to say that these movies make audition look like a disney romance . bleak , bizarre , and ultra violent , yet surprisingly stylish and intelligent . this film maker has something to say , and will beat you senseless to make his point . in short , if you want to see ringu #25 , stay away from this one . if you feel a bit more adventurous , i highly recommend this series 
software neg 320.txt is n't this a mac product ? i thought mac products were supposed to be ( a ) stable , and ( b ) easy to use . this product is stable , ( once i upped my ram to 2gb ) but at 512mb it brought the system to a crawl . but as far as ease of use- -i 'm not a dumb guy ( although my kids may argue the point ) but this product is really a victum of itself . it is too hard for the " express " audience and is really intended ( in my opinion ) only for profression final cut pro users . in other words , if you use final cut pro at work , and want something on your home-mac , the express version is a great value . you already know it and people have paid you to get used to it . but if you 're a imovie user , pinnacle systems studio user , adobe premiere elements 2.0 user , this product seems like i 'm trying to fly the space shuttle . how do you output wmv with this product ? you can do it in any of the pc-based products , oh , and they also output quicktime so why does apple have a hangup about wmv ? i recently asked in an apple forum " how do you do picture in picutre ? " i got a great response from an experienced user . " it only took a couple of minutes , just do these 6 steps.. . " great , in premiere elements or pinnacle , i click on the pip icon and its done . i did n't have to do 6 obscure steps . the product is also one of those old fashion " million windows all over the place " applications . you try to minimize the thing by pressing one of the tiny little minimize buttons ( like all mac apps have ) and it closes only that window of the app , like the preview window , not the timeline , not the browser . bottom line.. . if you already use , know and love final cut pro , this is a low-cost way to get a similar product on your own pc ( although the academic version of the pro version is pretty affordable too ) . i do n't see the point of this product unless its just to provide a low-cost entry into final cut pro for people who use pro for a living 
books neg 191.txt i read this book with an open mind . i am familiar with the tremendous criticism that has arisen from claims that survivors of child abuse may use their backgrounds to claim some sort of privileged status . in a few cases , i think this criticism may be legitimate ; in other cases , not . so i was interested to see if there were perhaps legitimate reasons to criticize survivors of the holocaust or their advocates in the jewish community . ( note : i am not equating child abuse and the holocaust . i am saying that when people speak up about terrible things , there is often a tendency to see them as whiners who are shirking their responsibilities . all things do not have to be equally terrible to promote this societal reaction . ) i did n't find anything in this book to convince me of that . what i found was to me an unconvincing and highly subjective summary of the jewish reaction to the holocaust , in which the author claims that it did not become a big deal until a long time after it was over , and that it was made into a big deal for illegitimate reasons , but this discussion is so subjective and brief that i was not persuaded to adopt his point of view . the bulk of the book consists of complaints that jewish organizations unfairly extorted money from countries such as switzerland . the argument becomes fairly technical here and evaluating it is beyond me because i have never read the reports ( " audits , " etc. ) to which the author refers . but i think that focusing so narrowly on money misses the point . i expected to see a general discussion of the ways in which the author alleges that an emphasis on the holocaust caused some jews to " play the victim card , " and what i got was a very indepth discussion of several fights about money about which i have no way of determining the truth of the author 's allegations . to me it seems obvious that the holocaust was a terrible atrocity with devastating consequences for the jews , and many lives were destroyed or damaged as a result . it seems reasonable to me that the jewish community would insist that society recognize the destruction and damage , and to the extent that this book detracts from this , i think it is unfortunate 
software pos 936.txt the rosetta stone language software was a great investment . the product provides learning words together with listening , seeing , and hearing or the user can select one of these individually or even practice writing words and phrases . it provides an easy to use interface and you can learn at your own pace . the product has been worth it 's hefty price . i do recommend purchasing a german / english dictionary to accompany the software . i have also had in the past a basic german 101 course prior to using rosetta stone , so it may be difficult to start for a person with no knowledge of the german language , such as pronunciation of basic words or greetings 
books pos 866.txt set in a german village reminiscent of grimm 's fairy tale world this book will quickly have readers under it 's spell . this tale within a tale within a tale concerns a young clockmaker , karl , who needs to create a figure for the great clock of glockenheim to mark the end of his apprenticeship . time is running out for karl and he is fretful because has not yet made the figure . at this same time fritz , a young storyteller is telling his latest spooky tale to the villagers . fritz launches in to a very mysterious tale of a prince , who it is disovered at his " death " is actually kept alive by clockworks rather than by a heart . also in fritz 's story is a stange man named dr. kalmanius . when this highly unusual man is described by the storyteller an identical man suddenly appears . the stunned audience quickly leaves . as the others leave this strange man approaches karl and presents him with the needed clock figure " springing " fritz 's tale alarmingly to life . as always philip pullman creates a vibrant and engaging cast of characters who will leave an imprint on the reader 's memory . the illustrations by leonid gore capture both the fairy tale spirit and the horror under the surface . this is a quick but original and engaging read that will appeal to both horror and fairy tale fans . do n't miss it 
camera pos 673.txt this is a must have item for your kodak dig . camera . it allows for filters , tele / wide aux lenses or any 55mm screw on attachment . apart from that the black metal enclosure compleatly covers the entire lens assemby , at any zoom or focal length . this adds a very strong and valuable protection to your lens . if you accidentally bang the camera against a hard surface this adapter may very likely save your lens ( camera ) from destruction . i always keep it on with a skylight filter , the skylight or a uv filter further protects the lens from impact , scratches and dust . if used when the lens is not fully extended ex : wide angle to normal zoom , the adpter also helps block out stray light and acts as a light shade . kodak aught to have this built into their camera as a permanent fixture , but alas they make extra revenue on their accessories . do buy it ! 
music neg 914.txt this entire cd & hbo special is stolen material . all this material was originally written & performed by bill hicks . buy hicks dvd " bill hicks live - satirist , social critic , stand-up comedian " if you want the material in its true form http : / / www.amazon.com / exec / obidos / tg / detail / - / b0004z33fk / qid=1130712550 / sr=1-1 / ref=sr_1_1 / 104-5459925-2315938 ? v=glance&s=dvd bill hicks was also paid tribute on tool 's aenima album 
camera neg 808.txt i recently bought a new celestron nexstar 4se telescope and this eyepiece accessory kit . much to my disappointment , the eyepieces in this kit did not fit very well into the eyepiece holder of the telescope , and when cold ( nights in colorado are 25-45f ) , the eyepieces did not fit at all . celestron customer service was horrible and did not pay attention to my problem and did not follow up by email as promised . when i called a second time , they had no clue about the construction of the eyepieces and no thoughts about how to fix this problem . amazon replaced the kit ( thank you amazon ! ) , but the replacements did not fit either . i 'm returning that kit too . i finally bought a kit from meade ( 3 eyepieces and a moon filter ) that fit properly and are very easy to use . to be fair , if these eyepieces fit your telescope then they are a tremendous value ( hence the rating of 2 stars rather than 1 ) . the meade kit is a worse value , but because they work in my nice new scope , they are the best for anyone using a nexstar 4se 
books neg 248.txt god forbid i be so bold as to trash a classic . and yes , maybe because of all the raving reviews from my friends and from the book 's great reputation , i entered it with high expectations . - which the book however did not satisfy . yes , it is a good comedic parody of the upper class of the time , a lampoon of the courtship ritual , and of course oh so witty , blah blah blah , but it just was n't my cup of tea . the main character was likeable , but that aside , i found it completely insufferable to read through , and absolutely painfully boring . every subsequent event from the very beginning could be predicted , let alone the ending . not that anything really ever happens - the entire book could be summed up with , " then they walked and talked and had tea and walked and talked and had tea , walked and talked and had more tea , then got married and lived happily ever after . " the entire novel was a headache of girly gossip and mental drama . it would save more time just to watch a chick flick . so if you 're interested in the relationship fiascos of fictious characters , witnessing the agony over who 's going to marry who ( even though the reader could already predict the happily-ever-after match-making light-years in advance ) , then this is the book for you ! ! if not , then i suggest picking up some dan brown . 
books neg 342.txt i 'd never read berry before , but as far as i can tell , this brief collection of six essays and lectures sticks to familiar territory . however , it 's probably not the best entry point for people who are newcomers to his realm . there are two related problems with the book : one of presentation , and one of tone . the problem with presentation is that the pieces are so short that there 's no room for specifics . so , while one might be more or less in accord with the broad strokes of berry 's vision , there 's no detail to back it all up . the problem with tone is that from the very first page the reader feels like they are being lectured at . of course , some of the pieces are lectures , but there 's a certain condescension that runs throughout the book . it comes out when berry uses certain words such as the three as of " appropriate " , " authentic " and " adequate " . when these are used ( as they often are ) , there he 's obviously made some kind of value judgment , but the reader is never let in on it . the end result of the two flaws is that the reader feels like a hectoring argument is being made without any supporting logic - - which ultimately smacks of preaching to the choir . which is unfortunate , since i tend to agree with berry on a lot of things ( though not his anti-abortion stance ) . small farms are good , agribusiness is bad , stewardship of the land is good , extraction industries are bad , treating the body as an organic whole is good , and things of that nature . alas , he has a tendency of making sweeping assertions and accusations that are far too simplistic and shrill to be useful . two examples from the first 15 pages will suffice to illustrate : " this is a world in which the cultures that preserve nature and rural life will simply be disallowed . " and " communists and capitalists are alike in their contempt for country people , country life , and country places . " berry also succumbs to the trick of creating straw men to counter his theses . for example , in one essay , he claims that conservationists are people who want to simply preserve land in a pristine , untouched state , and that 's all . while there are certainly some conservationists who feel that way , they are a small minority of a a much larger community who actually is in almost total accord with berry 's views on stewardship and land use . it certainly does n't help matters that his view of small-scale farming appears to be heavily tinted with rose-colored glasses . his claims that modern agribusinesses has rendered the small farm economically unviable sounds like a reasonable proposition . however , it ignores the fact that , historically , small scale farming ran on the thinnest of margins , was subject to all kind of external instability ( weather , vermin , etc. ) , and operated on only slightly better than a subsistence level . in farming , cash is scarce , that 's why people abandoned it in droves whenever the opportunity presented itself , such as in wwii , when all those defense-industry factories were opened in california . ( of course , in berry 's vision , you do n't really need cash , because you barter for everything you need from your neighbors . ) berry 's exhortations to create small-scale communities is worthy stuff , and even in cities people are creating this . the growth of csas , farmers markets , and the like in the past decade is a tangible indicator of this . however , to achieve the large scale results berry seeks requires a more rigorous roadmap than what is provided in this slim collection 
software pos 63.txt i ordered the box version from amazon , instead of the download from the manufacturer not only because it was less expensive , but the main reason was so that i would have a paper manual . so many programs do n't come with hard copy manuals and i prefer them over on-line help . as for the program itself , i trialed a download first . for me , the thing i fell in love with was the ability to call up multiple images , side by side , and compare them ! it makes selecting the best image a breeze - a huge timesaver . you also have the ability to swiftly zoom in to check focus at full rez . another wonderful thing is that putting the curser over one of the preview images , and sliding it , will slide all the open previews simultaneously , so you do n't have to individually zoom and move each image . you can do this with up to 6 images at a time ! you can also do a quick histogram check by hitting the " h " key , which makes it easy to toss off bad exposures at the same time as the review . while you 've got the previews open you can hover the mouse over them and hit any # key to color-code the image . the colors can be keyed to whatever description you want . i do " 1=green " for yes , " 2=yellow " for maybe , and " 3=red " for no . there 's room for quite a few more colors after that . i then hit the sort key back in the main screen and quickly select all the red " no " images and delete them . after i have all my green " yes " images , i then review them 6 at a time to give them star ratings . i resort by rating and now all the best images are at the top of the page and i can start processing them . you can batch process file name , and some other things that i do n't bother with , as well . it 's got some nice keywording ability and you can easily sync the keywords with your photoshop files . what 's incredibly nice is that you can click on any word in the keyword list and all the images you own , with those keywords , are immediately shown in thumbnails ! finding an image is actually fun ! it will even give you thumbnails of images you do n't even store on your hard drive anymore ! fantastic program - i highly recommend it ! the only reason i did n't 5 star it is b / c it 's not all that intuitive . this is a read-the-manual kind of program , but you can do an awful lot with it without having to get too far in the book . ; ) 
software pos 146.txt i was really surprised to read some of the other reviews about this product - - it 's as we we 've purchased entirely different programs . in my experience with this software , i 've found it to be extremely smooth-running and user-friendly from installation to printing , and the card selection and customization is second to none . there have been perfect cards for every occasion to date and we 've customized them countless ways - - adding and editing photos , moving text , sending ecards , you name it ! navigating within the art studio is very intuitive . printing cards from the sofware is very easy and the on-screen configuration works great . unlike some of the other reviews , i have n't had the problem of having to re-configure every time i print . we set it up once and that was it . i 've printed on card stock paper , which turns out gorgeous , and we 've also printed the quarter-fold plain letter size which also looks great and works perfect with size a2 envelopes ( this is a great printing option if you do n't want to buy card stock paper ! ) . i 've used this software on all of my computers , have recommended it to many people , and so far have not yet encountered or heard of any problems . i highly recommend it . it 's a fun program , the recipients will love their customized cards , and it will save you money in the long run 
dvd neg 487.txt this dvd is not shaolin idiot but an older film of stephen chow . it 's really a film called " look out , officer " that stephen chow made in 1990. shaolin idiot is not out yet to my knowledge . if you want stephen chow 's " look out , officer " you should buy this dvd if not , don't . 
health neg 594.txt both my wife and i have high blood pressure , which our doctor would like us to track at home . after checking out many brands and styles of automatic monitors , and based on the reviews here , i did n't hesitate to buy the mark of fitness , inc monitor ( prevention edition ) . when i received it , there were two problems : first , there was no owner 's manual inside . since i kept getting an " err 2 " message , i had no way of checking what that meant . ( amazon.com suggested i look online for a pdf version somewhere . unfortunately , the mark of fitness ' web site did n't have online manuals . ) the second and more important problem with this product was that it was clearly very inaccurate . when i finally was able to get some readings , they were : 112 / 64 , 106 / 60 , 96 / 61 , 106 / 62 , 109 / 64 , and 115 / 62. oh , how i wish some of those were my readings ! maybe it was just my misfortune to get that one in 500 lemons with no owner 's manual and who knows what else wrong with it , but unfortunately , i wo n't take a chance on trying another one . it 's going back today 
music pos 290.txt hot hot heat is one of the few new bands to pique my interest . their first release was decent , but " elevator " is even better . great tunes , drums and guitars - and , of course , steve bays ' yelping vocals . there 's only three songs i really do n't care for - " pickin ' it up " , " soldier in a box " and " shame on you " . looking forward to the next cd 
dvd neg 413.txt for those of you looking for more eva action after seeing the original series take heed . do n't buy this dvd ! the death part of the dvd , part 1 , is nothing but a terrible rehashing of scenes from the regular season , and the second half , rebirth , part 2 , is new stuff , very good , but ! if you buy ' the end of evangelion ' you get rebirth and a much better and easier to understand ending to the whole series in completely new material . so , do n't buy ' death&rebirth' . buy ' the end of evangelion ' instead 
software neg 217.txt i bought this upgrade because i thought it would let me share my contacts . it says so on the box , but it doesn't . it works just like the old contacts which you ca n't share with others except if you export it . no live sharing . why could n't they make it so i could put the file on my server ? or on a secure site ? then all my office can work off one contact list . 50% or more of the time the business contacts ca n't be found when you search for a contact . it 's like the business contacts is an add in that does n't work with outlook . or you add contacts , save it , email to the saved email address and then go to find the contact later and it is gone . also , lots of times when you try to send , the email wo n't send , it stays in the outbox . and repeatedly you open and hit the send button but it wo n't change to send status . now , if you leave it in the outbox , sometimes that fools the program into letting you send other email . or sometimes you can forward and send. . geez , what a waste of money this upgrade was . we wo n't be using it on any of our other computers and we have n't bought if on the new computers we have ordered . 
dvd neg 292.txt my impression watching this turkey was that it had to be the work of a film student desperately trying to impress some artsy instructor . it 's all style , no substance . i got the vague impression that there was a story somewhere in this mess of flashbacks , long slow camara pans across stephen dorff 's very trendy and stylish haircut , and yelling matches with side characters whose only function seems to be to have someone to yell with . despite the very art-house feel of it , the story is lost , the viewer is never quite sure if the " philosophy " of the main character is meant to be taken seriously , and the style is nothing we have n't seen done better other places . all in all , i found it pretty vapid , painfully slow , and incredibly frustrating , because there is a good movie in here somewhere , if only the script had gone to someone else to make . on a side note , toby maguire shows up for a little while as a stoned out of his mind loser , which was a bit of a trip given where his career eventually went 
software pos 838.txt my 12 year old daughter plays this game for hours at a time . she is a horse nut and loves it . the player gets to groom , breed and train horses . i would definetly recommend for any horse crazy kid 
books pos 779.txt miles vorkosigan 's cunning plan is to court the widow ekaterin . unfortunately the only way he knows how to take on projects is through military precision . miles is an idiot . mark vorkosigan 's cunning plan it to create a new enterprise using " butter bugs " , a genetically engineered bug that produces an edible tofu like substance . [miles calls it " bug vomit " ] mark wants to help kareen kouldelka earn her way back to a beta colony school where he and she can continue exploring their relationship without cultural impediments . ivan vorpatril 's strait forward plan , [ivan is n't known for ' cunning ' , ] is to propose to the lady donna . lord dono has something to say about that . lord dono has a cunning plan . but who the heck is lord dono ? ? surround the whole story with the pending marriage of emperor gregor and the lady laisa , and the vor are dropping like flies on bug butter . this vorkosigan adventure has no military campaigns , no threats of death , [well...not really.] it does have all of the intrigue and mess-pionage that you could expect with the over abundance of cunning plans . you 'll suffer for miles , and then cheer at the inevitable outcome . ekaterin is no shrinking violet ! do n't mess with her ! a civil campaign is a terrific read ! [a previous reviewer commented on the cover 's inaccuracy in depicting mile 's stature . actually i believe the couple on the cover are meant to be emperor gregor and the lady laisa . it 's their wedding after all . if that 's the case then the cover would be okay.] shards of honor barrayar {hugo winner} the warriors apprentice the vor game {hugo winner} cetaganda brothers in arms borders of infinity mirror dance {hugo winner} memory komarr -a civil campaign - {this review} diplomatic immunity 
dvd neg 649.txt after reading a couple of other reviews about the & quot ; quality&quot ; of transfer on this dvd , i decided i wanted this in my collection . what i thought would be good or atleast a decent enough picture quiality , i was very dissapointed.the quality of transfer of the picture is horrible ! ! ! a great movie a total real diaster flick in picture quality . non anamorphic , deffintaly not remastered or digitally transfered . picture tones are very , very bad , along with what little color that is desplayed . almost a black & amp ; white picture with most of the entire movie too dark to make out what is going on . even with my brightness turn all the way up on my tv , it still was so dark it almost was n't worth continue watching.the only things positive on this dvd was the fact it was in widescreen and & quot ; suppossedly&quot ; in dolby digital ex . the beginning dolby intoduction was deffinatly in dolby and had good sound but the movie itself did n't distributeand dolby sounds that i could make out on my theatre sound system . sounded like mono to me.thsi dvd reproduction stinks and i suggest those that are into quality dvd and getting you money worth saty away from this & quot ; goodtimes video&quot ; version untill it is put on dvd correctly . why they botherd is beyond me . because i wanted to have a copy of this movie in widescreen , i am taping it on to vhs for my collection and going to try and return it for something better tommorrow . i suppsoe i 'll have to be content that i got the widscreen version on vhs for now untill they re-release it on dvd with better quality , or they show it on tv in widescreen which i highly doubt . heck , even taping it off tv you 'd get a better picture quality than this dvd 
music neg 789.txt i was looking to get the dvd of dazed and confused but got the cd . when it was advertised on the amazon website it led me to believe that it was a dvd as you see it above . ( 1993 film ) i had to return it and my expense . very disappointing transaction with amazon . threfore , i am not impressed 
health neg 520.txt our first unit lasted about almost 2 months . despite the relatively short lifespan , i thought the product was worth it considering the dirt-cheap price . however , the second unit we got leaked water at the base during its first use ; so , it went back to amazon the very same day it arrived our home . this product is so dangerous . without exercising some safety precaution , it can cause electrocution ! 
music pos 669.txt basie 's best players come to duke 's place , the columbia records 30th street studios in 1961 and face ellington 's finest . not a battle , but not quite a merger , either , since the count 's contingent is heard in one speaker and their hosts in another channel . there 's more than an hour of good music on here , laid down in the dying days of big jazz touring orchestras . popular tastes had changed and the costs of keeping large groups of players together were impossible . this is one of those rare cd 's in which the booklet is almost as good as the music . this one reveals that during this 12-hour late-afternoon-to-early-morning session , one of ellington 's long-time employees quit the group forever because the boss would not take his side in a fight with a colleague . also interesting is the dispute over the title and cover graphics . basie hated columbia 's first idea to bill the date as a competition , and his agent even destroyed the only copy of the original cover art . the end result is an album whose sales over 40 years have been hurt because no one knows its name . the cover finally chosen says " the count meets the duke " but in larger letters it declares " first time ! " and then adds " 2 great orchestras " and finally states " duke ellington and count basie . " the label columbia / sony put on the disc itself for this reissue says " duke ellington meets count basie " which makes no sense because they had known each other since the 20's . if you already like both orchestras , you 'll want to own this late career session . if you want an introduction to each group in its waning years , the cd serves nicely for that , too . this disc really jives , so do n't be expecting any ballads here 
music neg 248.txt i am at a loss to hear what people appreciate about this cd . we were barely able to make it through one listening . this is a classic example of a cd that never would have been produced had the artist ( using the term very loosely ) not already been famous for something besides music . the lack of talent and originality on this cd is apalling . it only gets a star because that 's the lowest rating . i want my money back 
health pos 728.txt i am 100% satisfied with this product and it has already earned me what i paid for . i am able to trim my front portion of hair with this on my own , where as for a complete trim , i do need my wife 's assistance . if you trim on a regular basis , ie . , when the hair 's not over grown , you will definitely find the job more easier.i recommend it to everyone who wants to save on their haircuts . the price is a good deal too if you buy from amazon , else one may perhaps ahve to wait for the thanks giving sale 
camera neg 924.txt this was a waste of money . my 5 year old loves taking photos . she uses my digital camera sometimes . i thought this would be a great gift for her . she could see the photos on the back of the camera like mom's . this was not the case . the lcd does not project the images and it is so small you can not read what mode you are in . if the batteries run out , it erases the photos . i think they should have made it and the directions kid friendly . my daughter was frustrated quickly and it has laid in the drawer for 3 months . if your child likes to take photos , i would invest in something else 
dvd neg 23.txt i often wonder if some if not most of the people writing rave reviews , 5 stars , are really paid , biased , professionals pumping up the movie for increased dvd sales . 
dvd neg 780.txt i had the same problem as everyone else in getting any of the infantastic dvds from amazon . i waited over two months , kept getting reassured that they were still coming , and then discovered one day that they had simply canceled my order without letting me know . not only did no one ever offer to check with the company directly for the source of the problem or actual anticipated wait itme , but amazon continues to post these items on their web site with a delivery date of 7-11 days , which is at best a misrepresentation , and at worst a complete lie because they are well aware that they ca n't provide the product at all at this point . i do n't really care whose fault it is that the product is never available - amazon needs to stop posting these dvds for purchase until they are confident the orders can be filled in the time noted . 
camera neg 721.txt panasonic offers a usb driver however no video driver . this means that anyone using windows xp will be unable to transfer video to their computer . when talking to panasonic they just said they didnt have a driver and were not developing one . they offered no suggestions or alternatives 
software neg 585.txt i read previous reviews about not being able to run the program because the computer recognized it as a copied disk . i thought this could n't possibly happen on my high tech computer.. . i was wrong.. . even though i purchased a legitamate copy , the program still would not let me run it... . buyer beware ! ! ! ! ! 
books neg 788.txt i bought this book before my first trip to austria . i had a sinking feeling while reading it that it was mostly a pastiche of unusable generalizations . that turned out to be true . what shall we do with a paragraph that tells us that austrian women are strong-minded and independent and organize their homelife well , although many go to work ? this book might have some value for a person who had never left their english-speaking homeland before and needed to be warned that people are sometimes naked in the sauna or at the beach . it also provides some amusing anecdotes about language ( especially viennese ) and useful info about festivals . mostly , though this book was good for reading aloud to austrian friends . i would quote it as an iron-clad authority when their behavior did n't quite match the book 's version and thereby amused them tremendously . - -lynn hoffman , author of the new short course in wine and the forthcoming novel bang bang from kunati books.isbn 978160164000 
health pos 690.txt dr. bonners pepperming soap is our favorite . our sensitive skin does not react , it lasts a long time , and best of all , the peppermint aroma wakes up our senses in the mornings 
health neg 997.txt these wipes clean well . they arrived promptly . they stink something fierce . i cannot stand the way they smell . 
dvd neg 909.txt i am an alice fan , so this is far far from my favorite . the first star i gave was simply because i love kate beckinsale and the movie is n't scary . the other is because it would be enchanting for a 3-4 year old or another youngster that does n't know anything about wonderland . my 9 year old even got bored with this . kate beackinsale plays the mother in the beginning , and in 1999 she was much too young to be and definitely looked so . she just did n't look well in this movie , and everything looked so cheap and fake . the story was changed in all the wrong places and too much was left out . i would not recommend this . i would recommend the 1999 american mini series of alice in wonderland , it is my absolute favorite ; with martin short as the mad hatter , and a long list of big names . that one is fun for all ages 
dvd neg 68.txt i am a fan of historical fiction , and this has to be one of the most historically inaccurate films i have ever seen ! what bothers me the most is that the general public , who has n't read the tudor biographies like some of us have , will believe this stuff because it is their only exposure to the subject ! i wo n't go into all the inaccuracies since other reviewers have already touched on them . why tamper with history , when it was actually more fascinating than what was portrayed in this movie . 
dvd neg 433.txt i gave one star beacuse it is not color this very old movies i want some in color about depression i have the prombleof the derpression of you have any movies about this please let me kno 
music pos 622.txt the animals , a group that included eric burdon and alan price , were the first major pop stars to emerge from newcastle , a city located about 300 miles north of london , therefore far removed from where most talent scouts were searching . it is fortunate for us all that the animals were discovered because they recorded some of the best r+b music to come of the uk in the sixties . their biggest hit was house of the rising sun , a re-working of a folk song ( apparently inspired by josh white 's version of the song ) that gave them a transatlantic number one hit . they had five other top ten uk hits with mickie most , these being i 'm crying , do n't let me be misunderstood ( a cover of a nina simone song ) , bring it on home to me ( a sam cooke cover ) , we gotta get out of this place ( the version included here is the uk version - a markedly different recording was released in america but was unavailable for inclusion in this set ) and it 's my life . apart from their singles , the animals recorded many other covers including boom boom , dimples , i 'm mad again ( all john lee hooker ) , around and around , memphis tennessee , how you 've changed ( all chuck berry ) , i 'm in love again , i 've been around ( both fats domino ) , talking about you , hallelujah i love her so and i believe to my soul ( all ray charles ) . these covers clearly demonstrate what their main influences were , but they also wrote some of their own songs . all the music i 've mentioned so far and much more can be found on this excellent compilation . nevertheless , despite the title of the compilation , it is n't actually their complete recordings - there is a sub-text explaining that these are the complete recordings that they made with mickie most as producer , although the liner notes describe their whole career . after the split , they switched to another record label , where they had some success using the name eric burdon and the animals , including two more uk top ten hits ( do n't bring me down , san franciscan nights ) and several lesser hits , all of which can be found elsewhere ( search for eric burdon ) . alan price left the group before the split with mickie most and had several hits as a solo singer . these are also outside the scope of this collection but are easy to find . this complete collection ( apart from the american version of we 've got to get out of this place ) of the first and most important part of the animals ' career may be more than some people want - there are single cd collections available if you just want the hits - but if , like me , you like to explore beyond the hits , this is for you 
music pos 621.txt i have both the & quot ; heat&quot ; and & quot ; seduction&quot ; cd 's by oscar lopez and listen to both of them with wonder . this man is magic . i have about 20 & quot ; new flaminco&quot ; cd 's and these are right at the top as far as my tastes are concerned . oscar , if you 're listening , i check at least once a month for your next one 
dvd pos 607.txt those who hunt elves is worth the buy , you wo n't regret it . 
music pos 476.txt released is the kind of album you put in , kick your feet up with a good beverage , and head off to someplace on the silverscreen of your mind that is pure tranquility . oster 's trumpet echoes on long after the music is off . here 's hoping there 's more from this new and amazing artist 
health pos 13.txt very happy with this purchase . received it in a reasonable time and at a great price including the rebate for signing up for an [...] credit card . it is easy to use and seems more accurate than the wrist type monitors . i like the history feature in order to determine the average blood pressure over a long period of time since pressures change daily ! good machine especially since it has an ac adapter so that there is no need to change batteries frequently ! also , the intellisense feature makes sure the cuff is always properly inflated before readings 
music pos 570.txt stick to singing in spanish , shak 
camera pos 111.txt when i bought this camera the sales people tried to get me to buy another battery . they said the one that came with it would only be good for about 20 minutes . now i have bought alot of items in my lifetime , a 20 min battery on a camera just doesnt seem like a very good " business " choice . so i said no . so i got the camera , charged the battery until the light went green ( which sucked because i wanted to play with it right when i got it ) and started taking pictures ( oh i also got a 2g cf ) worked great....so i planned to go up a mountain and take soem scenery shots . keeping in mind what the sales person had told me i pocketed the charger just incase . well , 6000 ' , 300 pictures , and 5 hours later the camera is still running strong , still have 200 shots left for the trip home , battery life indicator hasnt budged off of the full button . so all in all , i think the battery life is great , now i can see if your taking say thousands of pictures all in a row you may need another but for just going on a trip and shooting a few pictures at every stop point , the original will work fine . as for the quality of photos.....i love them 
music pos 970.txt jeff beck is far from the typical rock guitarist . he never took the easy path of showing how fast or virtuoso he is . instead , he is full of intriguing and explosive ideas that make you want to listen to this cd over and over again . that 's what musicianship is all about , and jeff has plenty of it 
software pos 179.txt i liked everything about this product except it is a little too slow at times . i always shoot with nikon raw format . it has hung a couple of times and i had to kill it after waiting for 10-15 minutes . 
software neg 853.txt it is difficult to use words harsh enough to describe this product and this company . i have owned this software for about 80 days . 1. in 80 days of use this product has completely locked up or not opened twice . 2. i have called the ' support ' line 4 times . the minimum time i was on hold was 40 minutes . 3. my initial ' support ' period is about to expire and i now will have to pay $200 to get more ' support ' 4. you have to buy additional software to get your data onto a palm device . in summary : the product has locked up about every 40 days and the average hold time is 40 minutes when you call them . save yourself the grief - buy nothing or buy something else 
dvd pos 623.txt this movie was one of the most honest , accurate portrayals of how to play the dating " game " i have ever seen . i liked it so much i bought it for my 15 year old son to give him pointers . ignore the tacked on hollywood ending 
software neg 252.txt i 've used cad programs written in the 80 's that are better than this . i 'll go back to drawing board 1.0 over this thing . not user friendly . i can hardly draw a few walls without it crashing . jun 
camera neg 436.txt the case is very big . why buy a small camera and end up with a big case . the case looks nothing like the picture . the picture is of another case . 
camera neg 959.txt i spend hours pouring over reviews trying to decide which ultracompact was the best deal and the best overall camera . in the end , it came down to panasonic 's fx01 and cannon 's sd600. i read the warnings from other reviewers that the panasonic 's images were n't top quality , but i chose to ignore those reviewers because on paper the fx01 looks like it would out perform the sd600. i was wrong . after using the fx01 for a few days i knew what those other reviewers were talking about - grainy photo after grainy photo . i really really wanted this camera to be great , but it just wasn't . actually , my old 3mp camera took better shots then the 6mp fx01 ! very disappointing . i ended up returning this camera to amazon ( very easy-great service ) because of the poor image quality . i mean , wanting good photographs is why you take photos , right ? i know someone with the sd600 and he 's very happy with the quality . judging by the customer images on the sd600 's page on amazon , i think i should 've gone with cannon 
software pos 771.txt actually , comic book creator lets you use your content in a million different ways , including reselling of your work . the only limitation is that you ca n't sell comics created around branded content- -like images from marvel , paramount , tokyopop , etc.- -because they do n't allow that . it 's all in the user agreement . check it out 
dvd neg 176.txt this has to be the worst thing they could do. . if you really believe in the lord do not but this movie.. . it is based on many lies first off noah didnt save lot and his wife from sodom and gomorrah abraham did . and it was at least 350 years after the flood that this happen and after the tower of babel . but they have noah in sodom and gomorrah and then moving on and building the ark after its destruction . they also show a pedlar in a boat coming up to the ark once everything is flooded and they have lot on a ship attacking noah for his ark. . it is a half truth and in my opinion a mockery and i will never buy anything again that has the name hallmark on it . how dare they sell such a lie to peopl 
health pos 295.txt these little flosser tips put an end to my problem with bleeding gums . flossing with traditional floss hurt because i always cut myself and deeply . it probably saved me from serious gum disease , and that i understand is expensive to treat , so i 'd rather put out a few dollars rather than a few thousand dollars in keeping teeth and gums healthy 
software pos 584.txt it 's exactly what i wanted to buy : complete collection of ultimate x-men . i do n't mind scrolling up and down on my laptop in order to see the whole picture . the ads were kind of annoying though . i just hope marvel puts all the other x-men series on cds like this 
camera pos 853.txt this seemingly simple piece of molded plastic was recommended to me by a professional photographer . basically it 's the shape of an open box that slides firmly onto the flash . it is small and sturdy enough to stash in your camera bag without worrying about damage . when used the light disperses more evenly and is less harsh on the subject being photographed . the white box is for general use . also available are the green omni-bounce for florescent lighting and the gold omni-bounce for a warming effect . pros : inexpensive solution for better flash photography . a quality product that works . cons : non 
camera pos 831.txt this is only the second pair of binoculars i 've owned but i 've used many pairs before from low end to relatively high end ones like nikons and leicas . i can say without hesitation that the canon 18x50s have met all my expectations for clarity , build quality , and ease of use . they are still quite heavy so , you wo n't be holding them too long in one position but , the stabilization feature provides a stable , gitter free image . in my opinion , this feature makes up for optics that may not be in the same league with the high end stuff : the canon 18x50s have more usable magnification for the money for non-tripod , hand held applications . while this is not a scientific comparison , this is an example of the useability and magnification : i was at the beach looking at a parasailer in the distance - with the naked eye ( 20 / 20 for the record ) , i could see the chute pattern and a black speck below it ; with my old minolta 10x50s ( jittering in my hands ) i could make out shapes of heads and legs ; with the canon 18x50s , i could clearly see two people , a man and a child as well as the chute 's cords - pretty impressive . my only two gripes that have also been mentioned before are : no lense caps and the eye cups are stiff , fit poorly ( to my face any way ) and are uncomfortable . i find it better to fold the cups back for " eye glass " use even though i do n't wear glasses . other than that , i am very pleased with this purchase and would also highly recommend purchasing from adorama camera - they are quick , accommodating and responsive . 
books pos 572.txt i have purchased several biological coloring books in the past and use them all regularly in my 7th grade life science classroom . adolescents still need color and they learn as they are doing it ! this is just another fantastic resource for me to use with them . now that our state standards have changed and include evolution in more detail , i am certain that this will be very valuable 
camera neg 958.txt the panasonic is very compact , very stylish sexy as my wife called it , but the photos are very disappointing : they are way to noisy ! even if set on the lowest asa setting at 80asa it is just barely acceptable and they do get progressively worse anything above 100asa . the colours are good , and it does take very good videos , but still photos are just plain bad when compared to other cameras in photoshop cs2. of course it is easy to understand why : the native resolution of the images . if one investigates such things , will notice that the panasonic is only 72 dpi , same as sony 's , canon improves this to 180 , and nikon is at 300 dpi . it is not just about megapixels folks , but how those megapixels are recorded and at what resolution . obviously a camera with 72 dpi will have more noise than one at 180 or 300 dpi . so before you buy any digital camera or thinking about upgrading to a newer model , do yourself a favour . try 4 or 5 cameras in the same megapixel range at a good camera store by taking photos of the same subject in the same light condition . set the camera for the lowest asa and the highest picture quality in jpg format , take the photos , pop the sd card into the computer , compare the images in photoshop . enlarge to full pixel size ( 100% ) , and and look at the meta data at the same time and you will see for yourself . that is what i did , since i was not very happy with the images my panasonic produced ! i had this camera for 11 months and 20 days exactly , and today i traded it in on a nikon p5000 after evaluating over a dozen models including the leica d-lux3 10mp camera , and driving the sales persons crazy with all the testing and spending 4 hours at the store , but it was very educational for them too 
camera pos 928.txt i 'd love to read a review from anyone who has purchased this camera , the aiptek zoom dv-6 mp image stabilizing camcorder w / 3x optical zoom . i see the claim that it has 3x optical zoom and cannot help but question this because i am unable to find this product on aiptek-dot-com and this cam has supposedly been available since july 30th , 2006. am wondering what gives with that ? please someone , post a review of this model and hopefully , some picture results too . let us know about this 3x optical zoom , please ! i had to pick a rating , so the four star rating was based on the mpvr version of this camera - - which i own and find to be a very decent gadget . mine is over a year old and still going strong - no problems with that model . mp3 's sound terrific . i convert movies for viewing on the camera while on the go and.. . " wow " for its quality . i have recorded sounds and more . very decent ! just drag and drop my files from my pc to the sd card and i can switch out movies and mp3's . i am happy with that model , but it does not have any optical zoom - just digital . still get pretty good pix tho , just use the various settings.. . my little homemade movies are good , very decent , but without additional lighting , indoor movies will be dark . this camera doesnt handle well in strong sun - i use an umbrella over my cam as i film . big diff . so , is this newer model really all that much better ? ca n't wait to know ! 3x optical sounds good. . 
camera pos 386.txt i received the xacti a few weeks ago and it 's performing like i hoped it would . the controls are a very simple and intuitive . all the required hardware is included . does not require any additional software to run on mac or windows . i have a macbook with boot camp running windows xp pro . the camera works easily with either platform . it is recognized as another drive and does not require any additional software to download the images and movies onto the hardrive . i am using a sandisk 2gb sd memory card . another big plus is not having to wait while downloading real-time like you would have to with minidv . the quality may not be the same as minidv but the convenience and ease of use make up for the difference . the quality is much better than a digital camera when taking movies and people will think it 's just a camera by it 's small size . my old camera was a 2 mega pixel canon powershot a60. this is rated at 6 mega pixel . you can definitely see the difference in the pictures and movies . when filming movies , the higher frames per second sample rate makes the images smooth , even when taking pictures of high speed objects like helicopter rotor blades and airplane propellers . this is my first camcorder so i ca n't really compare to anything else ( except my old camera ) but the ease of use will make you want to use it all the time and people will start to tell you to put that thing away 
books neg 495.txt i am vietnamese and i grew up in new orleans during the 80 's and 90 's when the first waves were settling down there . i hate to tell this to everyone on this site but this book is the worst piece of fiction ever written . like many books written by someone who does not belong to the culture that he writes about , the book takes great liberties with the imagination and presents the stories from the viewpoint of the writer and not the actual people . the vietnamese characters in the book are portrayed as backwards , uneducated , and simple . further , the stories are depressing and very few of the characters seem to have any success . if you actually grew up in new orleans during the time that the vietnamese americans were setting root during the 80 's and 90 's , you would know that by and large , the community pulled itself from nothing to become quite successful . no real vietnamese american thinks or acts like the characters portrayed in this book . i repeat - no vietnamese american thinks or acts like the characters portrayed in this book . the book repeats many of the fallacies that i have noticed in other books written by predominantly caucasian male authors about east asian culture . there always seems to be 1 ) an asian prostitute 2 ) caucasian guy with asian bride 3 ) asian male in an emasculated role 4 ) asian people as backwards and simple . quite sad . this book reminds me quite a bit of memoirs of a geisha , though that portrayed japanese culture in a better light . by the way , the lady on which " memoirs of a geisha " is based and written about was quite upset at the author of memoirs of a geisha and did not feel that it portrayed her life or her thoughts in any way at all . regardless , if you really want to find out about the vietnamese american experience you should really read a book written by a vietnamese american 
books pos 498.txt the book is complete brand new and i got it very quickly after the order even with the free shipping service . in addition , the price is pretty good for the book with such a good condition . 
music pos 424.txt i first heard this album in the late 6o 's when it was originally released . starting with the first track , & quot ; blood of the sun&quot ; , i was hooked . leslie west was and has been a vastly unnoticed guitarist treasure . his throaty singing and driving band , featuring felix pappalardi , made this band one that should be placed on the list of & quot ; great ones&quot ; . probably due to the many other better publicized bands , like led zeppelin and the like , leslie west and mountain seemed to get shoved away into the closet . open the closet , you guitarists out there , and give this cd a try . i do n't think you will be anything but delighte 
software pos 933.txt my husband is using the rosetta stone spanish program and loves it 
books neg 254.txt being an engineer in the aerospace industry i was highly interested in this book based on my experiences from the vantage point a " hard industry . " i personally believe that it 's in our long term interests to maintain a strong manufacturing base because that 's the foundation of real wealth , not legal services or newswires . so this book sounded like the perfect source of information to explain our current economic situation , give an assessment of how bad or how good it really is , and suggest ways to improve it . oh , how very , very wrong i was . . . this book started off strong , . . . for about four pages . after that a litany of tortured logic , un-sourced assertions , facts taken completely out of context except for the author 's subjectively added adjectives , orwellian double-speak , sleight of hand arguments , flat out ridiculuos statements , contradictory assessments , and even emotional vitriol coalesced not so much into an argument for industry but one for eighteenth century mercantilism with perhaps a sprinkling of far left george soros on top to serve as an update for the twenty first century . even a broken watch is correct twice a day though , so there were some good points in the book which buy it the 2 star rating . these include : - manufacturing provides a large source of proprietary knowledge which both improves productivity and serves as a barrier of entry , creating an industry with a large base of high paying jobs , provided it 's run right . ( a big if . ) - high wage nations can still compete effectively with low wage nations in manufacturing by being capital intensive . - americans need to save more and our education system needs to produce more engineers and technically oriented graduates . - there is some excess in the financial services and managers of publicly traded companies take too short term a view , leading them to sell the company upriver in the long run because of a personal temporary short term gain . ( i.e. enron ) a scholarly , fair , and comprehensive book that focused on the above would be extremely interesting and useful . this is not what you 'll get in this book though . instead you 'll get : a begining section about postindustrialism , things like the internet , information technology , financial services , etc. , the things that make the services based economy . in three chapters the author simply sets up straw men by taking the worst examples of post industrial advocates , instead of presenting a comprehensive picture of the post industrial argument . not being satisfied with this he proceeds to beat the straw men , set them on fire , and piss on the smoldering remains . this is where vitriol even comes out , where he equates the post-industrialists to people incapable of even thinking . if someone has to go to this extreme to make their argument , they probably do n't have one . most telling he leaves the final assessment of the value of the internet to a feminist . to me , this would be like leaving the final assessment of how good a bicycle is to , oh , i do n't know , let 's say a fish . a middle section extolls the virtues of manufacturing . this is a bunch of hand picked anectdotal stories and there 's no overview of manufacturing in the world or its real impact on economies at large . this is the kind of subject that screams for reams of data , charts of gdp growth over time , pie charts of the breakdown of economies into services , manufacture , agriculture , etc. you will get none of that . there 's little value except in reassuring the obvious , high wage nations can do manufacturing . many of these cherry-picked anectdotal examples still do n't quite dove-tail with all his claims about manufacturing though ! you also know you 're being left in the dark with a plethora of cya disclaimer statments like " while industry_x has certainly had its share of problems recently . . . " at the begining of a section . a final section basically amounts to an attack on laissez-faire , free markets , and the concept of free trade . george soros and a bunch of other lefties , with pat buchanan thrown in for " balance " , should be listened to instead . the worst part of this book is the author 's lack of an ability to make any sort of coherent argument . examples of twisted thinking abound : - a post-industrial " industry " grows five times over in a certain period . the author then goes onto explain how this is not really real growth but something that in reality is bad . later he proves how great a manufacturing industry is because in the same period it grows a whopping 60% ! self contradictory evaluations of the performance of services vs manufacturing is common and always falls down on the side that the manufacturing industry is far far better than the service industry even when all the standard economic indicators suggest otherwise . the author 's challenge to the reader seems to be " who are you going to believe ? me , or your lying eyes ? " - he rips into american post industrial industries as being labor intensive and vulnerable to low wage nations because americans are no smarter or more creative or more anything than laborers around the world . later he talks about how great german manufacturing is because germans are so much more diligent than the rest of the world 's workers . - the only facts he presents - and they are surprisingly thin and overwhelmed by mere assertions - are always modified by his subjective opinion and never put in context . when describing service industries " paltry " $50 million revenues , " only " 60 , 000 jobs , " disappointing " 24% of revenues from foreign sources is common . but when describing manufacturing " a very high " $6 million revenues , " a good mix " of 1 , 500 jobs , and similar glowing assessments are inevitable despite the number to follow . a number in and of itself means nothing . the fact the author leaves out any head on , direct comparison between industries is telling . - official figures are the ultimate source of information when they agree with what the author believes . when the official figures do n't agree with him , he finds some loner who does and then barely explains how this time around the official figures are somehow wrong . when attacking his straw men though , he accuses them of ignoring official figures and quoting some loner . - gems of orwellian double-speak sentences include examples like " solar is already a fully competitive source of energy in remote areas that do not have grid electricity . ( pg . 184 ) " i.e. it 's competitive where there is no competition ! and " even in singapore , one of the freest societies in the east , the savings rate was successfully boosted by a system of forced savings . . . ( pg . 229 ) " that 's not very free if it 's forced is it ? ( his defense of solar is one of the most hilariously pathetic eight pages i 've ever read and really is worth the price of the book . he capstones it with the " most encouraging " observation that solar cells have gone from producing one third of the energy used to make them before they wore out - that is consuming more total energy in their manufacture than they eventually make ! - to now producing three times as much energy as required to produce them before they wear out . wow , what an achievement . any actual power source converts many thousands of times the energy used to manufacture it before it 's internal workings wear out , but whatever . . . ) - americans are dumb and the only successful american companies basically blundered into monopolies on standards . the american economy , despite the statistics , is in bad shape . the japanese instead are eight feet tall , can read people 's minds and see through lead . the japanese economy , despite the statistics , is in really great shape . this type of persistently biased characterization makes you question everything he claims , and eliminates any value or truth he might actually have in his arguments . the author basically ca n't get out of his own way . - he always attacks opponents of his viewpoint by claiming that they do n't put numbers into context , are using twisted logic , making mere assertions instead of quoting facts , etc. , apparently oblivious that these are the very same tactics he himself uses ! - he claims boeing is no longer a good company because 30% of components in a boeing aircraft are now made abroad vs. 2% in the 1960's . this is actually because foreign manufacturing for those components happens to be better and cheaper . america is n't doing that badly in aerospace by the way . the author fails to mention that 50% of the " european " airbus is made in america . this is an example of free trade actually distributing production to where it is most efficient . the list goes on and on to ridiculous proportions . you 'd have to buy the book to see them all because there 's at least one thing an alert and critical reader can find highly questionable on each page . all in all , this book was way off the mark and a highly squandered opportunity . it 's really a mercantilist argument , and the only common thread that i could see in all the author 's cloudy reasoning is that nation 's should do everything in their power to export more than they import no matter what . it 's not , unfortunately , a book about how to revitalize american manufacturing in a globalized world . 
books neg 127.txt obviously , from all the reviews , this book appeals to many people . i am not one of them . perhaps it 's because i do n't care for science fiction . i found the writing stilted , the footnotes distracting to the point i stopped bothering with them , the story boring , and the ending ( covered in the introduction ) to be a twilight zone cliche . if , like me , you want to read the book because it has some connection to bicycles and cycling you will be disapppointed . 
camera pos 139.txt im a graphic design student in college , so i really needed a camera . i decided on this one and i am really glad i did . the pictures are nice and clean . the camera itslef is a very sleek looking one and is very compact . the only downfall to this is that it eats batteries pretty quick , but i just took them out when i wasnt using them . buy this camera 
dvd neg 213.txt bulworth is ostensibly warren beatty 's brave political satire in which a conservative senator suddenly starts liberally voicing those opinions that the rest of us are supposed to be thinking but are afraid to say . he tells a black church congregation to , " put away the malt liquor and fried chicken and stop supporting running backs that stab their wives . " if that 's what you were thinking , you 'll love this movie . otherwise , bulworth is jaw droppingly bad . to take such a hight position as to attack beatty for suggesting that black characters need a white powerbroking partriarch to come to his senses before their concerns can be publicly considered is to give bulworth way more credit than it deserves . it 's distinguished from movies that are simply " bad " through its inclusion on the short list of truly dangerous ones . not content to be racism hiding in plain site , bulworth 's racism is disguised as its own solution . drug dealers have their transactions justified as the only commercial avenue open to otherwise well-intended african-american youths . nina ( halle berry ) articulates an informed point , and it 's a joke because attractive young black women look funny when they talk smart , like high-grammar versions of zip coon . in so doing , beatty reminds black americans that no matter what they accomplish , we know who they really are . however limited the potential of the opening premise ( bulworth plans his own assassination for insurance purposes before inevitably changing his mind ) , the film never approaches the kind of farley brotheresque world that would have been its natural destination . the sincerity of the politician 's catharsis is hidden from us , both because his new outlook is originally motivated only by the insurance scam and because once beatty starts rapping his lines , he never stops , making the actor ( as opposed to the character ) look uncomfortable for the duration . that this movie lured audiences and critics into its didactic spell is astonishing . the film 's ambition to be more than a cute little movie while being exactly the opposite reminds this reviewer of roberto benigni 's embarrassing " life is beautiful " from the year before . both have to be seen to be believed 
books pos 321.txt thankfully , this is not littered with platitudes and meaningless anaologies , the hallmarks of 99% of the latest-and-greatest business books . especially since it was written in 1999 , moore 's is an incredibly insightful and prophetic book on strategy for the high-tech industry . he was predicting cutting edge changes then that are coming into reality today in 2005. the book is much more descriptive than prescriptive though , and is best used as a tool to instigate discussions about corporate strategy , rather than as a checklist for strategic implementation . i help run an online software development company and although it is n't exactly " high tech " i still found the vast majority of it very helpful and the rest of it fascinating . market shifts are demanding broadband wireless internet everywhere- -free . companies are shifting towards web-basing software applications . all very relevant to my business . the book is well written , an easy and moderately fast read , and very accessible by anyone who is technology-savvy enough to at least hold an email address . yes , buy it . buy the paperback and save money . short synopsis : in the infancy of a market , products need to be highly tailored to meet the psychological and technical needs of leading edge techno-geeks ; nothing new here . when a company wants to take that product and make it marketable to the middle majority- -where the biggest money sits- -it requires a commitment to discipline and shift its strategy in order to do so . the emphasis shifts intially to identifying a single niche segment and creating a comprehensive , tailored product , that meets all of their needs- -create the " whole product " by using partners and 3rd party services to patchwork the thing together . then , stop tweaking the product . if that works , pick related niches and go after them the same way , creating the " whole product " for each of them . once people at large are comfortable enough to make the paradigm shift for that market ( this all deals with new , high-tech changes ) and start doing so en masse , the strategy must completely shift again to a ship-first / fix-the-product-later mentality in a mad , market share scramble . at this phase , you are " in the tornado . " lots of examples of successful and abysmal strategies used by high tech companies whose names are familiar to everyone , at each stage mentioned above . 
software neg 646.txt i have used lots of printmaster versions i had some trouble with version 16 with the address book so i was happy to find that a new version was out and called to order they told me i would n't have a problem with the new one . this new version is junk ; all the projects have to be downloaded so if you do n't have a high speed connection forget it ! i do n't like the fact that you have to go on line every time you want to create a card etc. i sent a note to customer service and just received a generic response . so looks like i have to find new software 
software neg 670.txt this is a product that is dependent on constant upgrades because the most current version of the 2006 tax forms are often not available when it first comes out . that is the nature of the product . however , for the third year in a row , many macintosh users have run into problems with their automated online form upgrade process . if the automated upgrade process does not work , you can do the upgrade manually , but that is a somewhat complex process . alternatively , you can order a snail mail version of the upgraded program , if you can ever get through to the phone number you have to call . they always seem to be encountering a large volume of calls no matter what time you call . its a great product once you get it upgraded to contain the most recent version of the forms . i wonder if the automated upgrade process works for windows users ? at any rate , until they fix the automated upgrade process , an important part of the software , i have to rate it as low as possible 
camera neg 488.txt hi , i bought this camera and installed the driver from both the cd and then the web . it caused my computer ( a good , modern , fast computer ) to crash both times . the camera worked without interfacing with the computer , but , then , what 's the point ? also , the pictures and movies were very grainy and low quality . the tech support when i had these problems was horrible . they really did n't stand behind the product at all and to me that 's the most important thing ! maybe i could have gotten it to work , but not without some input from aiptek . i 've never written one of these reviews before , but this really got to me . do n't buy this camera is my advice . 
dvd neg 294.txt these plays were okay , i 'm glad i rented them before buying them . the props and things were very nice , the actors did n't gel well with each other or connect with their characters and the singing was mediocre ( definitely no tyler perry quality on that note ) but the messages were good just seemed a little unrealistic and too drawn out . i thought alexander o'neal sang in one of them but he did n't 
health neg 367.txt i bought two of these pieces of junk , and believe me they do not work unless your room is about 3 feet by 3 feet by 3 feet . it recirculates the same air over and over in a tiny area ! when they say it cleans 700 cubic feet per hour , that is simply what the fan can move per hour not what it actually will clean in a 10 foot by 10 foot by 7 foot room . the fan is so weak at full speed you can barely feel it . really it is sucking in air through the bottom and blowing it out at the top . both the inlet and outlet are facing the same side so you are basically recirculating most of the same air over and over again . this thing would need to be 7 feet tall to really work well . in a hospital they have huge systems that move the air past larger arrays of bulbs . so here you are sitting in a room with your kids coughing on one side and this thing recirculating the same air over and over again , in a little tiny airspace , what a great deal . just be ready to buy 10 of them per room . maybe you can try hanging 5 on the celiing and putting 5 on the floor of a 4 ' x5 ' bathroom and it might work in a week . do yourself a favor , and buy a machine that has more uv light bulbs , and has a greater airflow so all the air in a room is moving and all of the air in the room goes through the filter . i gave it a one because it looks nifty . 
books pos 778.txt " the climb " was written by bourkeev and dewalt as an answer to krakaur 's " into thin air " . while not showcasing the same prose as krakaur 's book , i feel that this is utlamitely better . my reasoning for this opinion is that " the climb " seems like a much more fair and unbiased account . bourkeev does not resort to playing the blame game ; he simply tells the story as he experienced it . krakaur , it seemed to me at least , relied to heavily on assumptions , and we all now what happens when you assume ( hint : you make an _____ out of you and me ) and came off as very arrogant and ( for some reason ) took a feverious dislike to bourkeev and lopsang . thought not as well written as " into thin air " , " the climb " still managed to draw me in fully , although some parts of the book are a little confusing , mainly the interview with bourkeev about his single handed rescue of three striken climbers who otherwise would have surely perieshed . this interview was conducted in english , the only problem with that is that bourkeev 's english is not very strong ! it is passable and most of the time you can understand him but in other parts it is very hard to dechyper . dewalt tries to help by adding " translations " about what bourkeev is saying but i felt the interview should have been caried out in bourkeev 's native tongue of russian and then translated into english . to not have done this is a great injustice to bourkeev . if you want to read a fair and unbiased book about the may 1996 everest tragidy that was written simply to tell the truth and not to play smeer tatics and make money ( as krakaur 's clearly was ) , read this . i really recommend you read both books , though and also check out the imax movie " everest " . 
health pos 693.txt good for dust storms in desert-like environments . great for looking suave . very convenient for easy on / off . 
books neg 550.txt i 'm trying to figure out what the appropriate subtitle for this book should be and i ca n't decide among the following : * travels through guilt with the world 's 33rd richest hippie * the mind of an empty suit * a self-important revisionist history * how i learned to hate myself and love the third world * memoirs of a cold war paperpusher confessions of an economic hitman by john perkins is an exclamation point riddled history of a few financial manipulations of the cold war by a man who had no stake in his own ambition . the first thing you notice about this account is that it is written by a man who thinks he was sitting on top of the world , when in fact he was just a cog in the energy industry . if you are credulous enough to believe that the debts and revenues associated with the energy business is indeed the core principle of the global economy , then the moral outrage of this book makes sense . but there 's a whole lot to swallow . on the plus side , it 's a fast and somewhat entertaining read . otherwise it is a exercise in the slow revelations of a kind of self-loathing that takes about 20 years to surface . one of the things that i 've had in mind as i was reading this screed was the sense of geography as destiny . as i look at the 20th century , i think of most of it focused on the economics of . perkins was one of the people who made the truth a narrative of economic exploitation . he falls in love with socialist charismatics in latin america , rues the lives of poor peasants , and bemoans the basic nature of corporate capitalism without ever acknowledging or even understanding the basic nature of socialism . perkins is a perfect example of a cultural relativist . a perceptive reader can see how much he hates his hometown and parents and idolizes romantic ideals associated with revolutionary rhetoric . but you ca n't imagine that he even had the temerity to read marx , weber , engles , friere or anyone . back when i was a bit more blackified , i referred to such people as culture vultures . if it 's indigenous , it 's good . but you 'll never see him once talk about infant mortality statistics , literacy rates , crime rates or even inflation . i discovered a bit too late that this book would teach me nothing about the business of foreign direct investment or the workings of the world bank except that he saw it as evil . technically , you 'll get a great deal more insight reading wikipedia . basically , perkins assumes that his game was the only game on the planet , his company was smack dab in the middle of it and that it was all being subtley directed by the cia and nsa and that this is , was and always will be the american way . you really get a foggy view of the evil empire of america from perkins , who resembles nobody quite so much as a cynical wanker who is too soulless to quit the game . it 's a confession all right . by the time i got 2 / 3rds of the way through , reading the book began to become annoying . the incredible vacuity of this man was staggering . there are no personal relationships in the book worth speaking of . he found loyalty only to his bosses worth mentioning . it is a stunning revelation about his character that he never once had a kind word to say or any personal quality worth mentioning about his staff that stands out in memory . we learn that he took one of his charges ( female ) on a yacht cruise to some isle in the caribbean , but that when he got there , he was so sickened by his guilty conscience that he banged his head against the coconut trees . if you want to understand something about the life of an economist and high finance , the best book i 've read is my life as a quant . if you want to understand something about the life of a reluctant spy , the best book to read is larry kolb 's overworld . if you want to get well-written account of a man who was too spoiled to find himself while being a toady in the economic hardball of the cold war era , then this is your book . but it 's nowhere near as good as , say the quiet american . you can imagine that perkins , who is a great admirer of graham greene , might have had aspirations to be such a character as greene might pen . he is earnest to tell such a story that would portray himself thus , but he is to honest to consider himself heroic , and i suspect that he 'll be working off his guilt for the rest of his life . in that regard , ' confessions of an economic hitman ' is ( now prefaced and extended in the paperback edition ) a blueprint for american liberal guilt . if there was ever someone who truly believed that global warming and a host of other blowbacks are destined to doom america to a well-deserved kharmic smackdown , it is john perkins . he has always been a citizen of the world pretending to be a patriotic american , down to the repetitions of his undying faith in the words of thomas paine . you 'd think , being a pseudo-economist , that he 'd have some room in his heart for alexander hamilton . ahh but that would mean that he 'd have to admire courage . i did n't want to be a harsh judge of perkins . i thought i might learn of an extraordinary life , one of conviction and then epiphany . instead i learned of a small yapping dog who was always on a leash he lacked the spirit to gnaw through . someone who would tell us in the end that we should use less oil and that ' corporatocray ' is evil . this book has been a disappointment in many ways . i may well be very happy to read thomas friedman after this . good parts ? yeah there are a few . he speaks about a few south american presidents who might have been contenders . he gives a few details about saudi aramco . but compared to larry kolb 's fascinating and detailed portraits of daniel ortega and adnan khashoggi , this is romper room . if perkins thought he was an agent.. . do n't make me laugh 
dvd neg 318.txt i love david cross 's comedy , i love his stand up , i love mr. show . but this dvd is not kinda boring , it is one of the most boring movies i have ever seen . there may be a few folks who find something entertaining in this dvd - - there is no accounting for taste . but 98 out of 100 normal people will simply shake their heads trying to figure out why this dvd was released 
dvd neg 879.txt this went up from one * in tribute to the neat hammy acting job from alec guiness as charles ii , but otherwise its just a mess . the film called out for a screenplay by a robert bolt or a john prebble , but instead it was penned by its director kenneth hughes , who also gave us such film masterpieces as " casino royale " and " chitty chitty bang bang " . richard harris is his usually unrestrained self , and thats not a compliment . now , i wont even go into the politics , which attempt to portray oliver cromwell as some sort of liberating hero : as ridiculous a take on the english civil wars as alexandre dumas 's paean to charles ii in " twenty years after " , but nowhere near as entertaining . 
health pos 243.txt a very gentle undereye cream . i have used other name brands which extensively irritated my eyes and made them tear all the time . this one is definitely a keeper 
books pos 599.txt this is the best invertebrate zoology textbook on the market , perhaps the best ever written . the authors are not content to merely present in fine detail the classification , anatomy , physiology , behavior , and ecology of invertebrates , they present alternative interpretations and controversial opinions where these topics are concerned . in that way , invertebrate zoology comes alive as an active , important , and relevant field of study for understanding the ecology and evolutionary relationships of these organisms in a global setting . i highly recommend this book for a course of study or as a reference for earth science instructors who wish to solidify and deepend their knowledge and understanding of invertebrates 
music pos 643.txt i heard this music on the excellent p b s documentary : & quot ; liberty - the american revolution&quot ; and i knew i had to have it ! it is the finest music i have heard , capturing the heart and soul of the american revolution . the documentary & quot ; liberty&quot ; was a masterpiece that was beautiful and moving . so too this music with its most wonderful arrangements and accompaniment . i love it ! i could hardly wait to get it in the mail . it framed the documentary ( which i also bought ) like a great frame compliments a beautiful canvas painting . superlatives fail me . this music must be experienced by first watching the great series on the american revolution and then by listening to it apart . this is some of the most wonderful music i have ever heard . it reminds me of the genius of aaron copland who wrote the applachian spring and rodeo suites 
dvd neg 299.txt musicals are historically slight in the plot department , and this movie is no exception . three stars : one fading , one rising and one coasting do not help matters either . rita is the fading star . it was painful for me to watch the once dazzling love goddess reduced to playing the controlling widow . the make up department probably had to work overtime trying to cover the circles under her eyes , and her hair and costumes are just bad . novak is the rising star , although i do n't get the 50 's obsession with bubble headed , busty , bleach blond bimbos . it would help if she could act , but sadly her range is very limited . i truly believe they added the dog to help make her character sympathetic , since she was unable to convey it herself . then there is frank just coasting on his charm and cool . does n't seem plausible that a hep cat like him , who could bag any " doll " , " dame " or " mouse ? " , would fall for either of these gals . anyway , i gave it 2 stars because of snuffy the dog . he stole every scene he was in . although that was n't too difficult to do in such a dog of a movie 
health pos 657.txt the filter is small compared with most other systems ; has a sturdy , metal fixture and pull-knob activator ; filters quickly with plenty pressure ; and of course it has the great culligan taste 
books pos 584.txt the title of this book is rather deceptive in that you certainly do n't need to be adventurous or daring to find this book helpful . i do sedate landscapes and found his book an excellent guide . basically , if you do the least bit of original design in your work - altering an element or two , changing colors around - or if you do whole original works ( but have n't actually gone to art school ) this book is extremely useful . it covers the basics of design and color with a focus on the embroiderer or fiber artist . you can do all the suggested activities in the book in order as a complete design course , or pick and choose sections as needed . if you wonder why some of your works look great and others look , well , not as great , this book is for you 
camera pos 256.txt i bought this lens a little over a year ago for macro shooting . i quickly found out , however , that to shoot macro-only with this lens is a crime . it is a very versitile lens . its fast f / 2.8 aperture makes for good shooting in low light . i pretty much use this outdoors as the 100mm with the 1.6x crop factor of my rebel xt eliminates most indoor oppurtunities . i frequently use this lens for family portraits , the resultant photo is so crisp and clear and the bokeh really helps add snap to the primary subject . as others have stated , this is a heavy lens . it does n't have image stabilization ( is ) so a tripod or monopod is a great accessory to get the best images . i use a beefy monopod for my best shots , although i have a lot of handheld gems.. . if you are tight for cash , this is n't the " one lens " that does it all . if you are looking for a versitile lens that can do outstanding macros and portraits , this is that lens . 
books pos 445.txt this is not a fad diet . this is a simple , straighforward and helpful guide on how to eat . puhn 's style is friendly and upfront . i read this book over two years ago , and my eating habits will never be as random and damaging as they used to be , because the principles described are easy to implement . great book 
books neg 645.txt do not buy this book . this author belives that he can cure dyslexia with his mind 's eye . you can not cure dyslexia you just have to learn a different way from the norm with the right tools such as an orton-gillingham based program . i bought this book by mistake not looking carefully at the author . 
books neg 765.txt is that those who read it and believe it , believe they actualy have girlfriends ! ! ! come on ! admit it you are guys who wear black sabbath t-shirts and live in your parents basements . you also believe that you can get control of you live by chanting some spells from a book made to get your money . look , go get a hair cut , take a bath and loose 10 pounds and you will probably get that girl friend that you talk about . oh by the way the necronomicon is fiction ! . . except for the real copy that is in my basement , in my parents house where i used to live when i was 15 
camera neg 787.txt i have owned numerous celestron telescopes up to 11-inch apertures , so i expected better . i ordered this for my daughter - it arrived defective ; the primary mirror had slipped from its bracket , making collimation impossible . in celestron 's defense , it likely happened in transit . amazon 's return policy is not a hassle , and i 'm upgrading her to another telescope . i 'm sure that had this particular scope not arrived in a defective condition it would have made a great scope . only criticism is the plugs on the back to cover the collimation screws pop out a bit too easily 
camera neg 925.txt overall , i was entirely disappointed with this camaera . the packaging and description were deceiving . there was no view finding screen , only a teeny , tiny window as in a regular camera . this was a gift for a child who would have had just as much fun with a throw away camera . i bought it because i wanted to give her a digital that had a large view finding screen . the construction would not hold up to a single drop on the ground . i would not recommend this to anyone 
music pos 108.txt i was already a fan of mike and the jacksons , but when motown 25 came on in 83 , this guy set the standard for what music and performance could be and where it could go . till this day in my lifetime that one performance at motown 25 is the single most perfect performance i 've ever seen . i remember the next day at school and the next month after that performance we had all kind of talent shows where all of the kids were trying to out moonwalk each other . the saddest and funniest part was watching the less fortunate kids who could not afford the michael gear wearing tube socks with dress shoes and kids making home made glitter and rhinestone gloves . hilarious . as an adult , i refuse to let the media and even michael himself ruin my childhood memories of this untouchable piece of music . 24 years later thriller remains the album to beat 
dvd pos 592.txt vhs - i have watched this over and over and loved every minute of it so much so i have now ordered the dvd i only wished the film could have lasted longer . i never worry about what other people think i prefer to make my own mind up and entirely disagree with the negative comments and will not let others spoil my enjoyment of the film whatsoever . make up your own mind and do n't let others put you off ! i have all jane austen 's bbc series but this is my favourite . angie london englan 
health pos 340.txt it is working well , little slow warm up . but actually i wanted a hot air brush , not this , because i have very short hair , but i was mistaken when i ordered hot brush instead of hot air brush 
books pos 921.txt roman , by roman polanski is a very good book . it is very touching about his memories of his late wife , sharon tate and their short life together . roman lost his wife and unborn child in 1969 by the manson group . he had a very hard life in poland during wwii . he lost both his parents during that time , but he grew up to be a world famous director . the book tells about his struggles during these times , and also during the period after the deaths of his wife and child . he tells about his hollywood days of directing , his famous friends , famous people and then what turned out to be his downfall...with the teenaged girl acusing him of sexual contact and him being arrested . to avoid persecution , roman left the united states and has been in exile in france ever since , but still directs and has released more movies . but , the book is very well told , and gives a good insite on roman 's life and his career 
music neg 689.txt tony kushner 's liner notes are a chilling foretaste of his jew-hatred-soaked script for the film " munich . " a paragon of self-regard , he sneers at the historicity and compelling morality of the jewish people 's attachment through the millenia to its eternal homeland . rather , kushner makes a point of elevating the moral stature of the islamofascists who have unhesitatingly and unceasingly for a century prosecuted a campaign of genocidal slaughter against any and all jews who sought to reclaim their stolen patrimony ( through aboveboard land-purchase and settlement , prior to wars of justifiable self-defense ) . like his evil arab idols , kushner cannot abide the concept of a restored jewish commonwealth , secured on a foundation of existential legitimacy , political independence , and territorial sovereignty . zionism , and its morally necessary outcome the state of israel , enabled and is continuing to enable the very effloresence of jewish culture in the us in the post-1948 and certainly post-1967 vineyards where the klezmatics have been frolicking and where kushner has gained his fame and fortune . but kushner hates the very thought of being liberated , and seeks to sow that hatred throughout world jewry . the klezmatics should feel ashamed for linking themselves to this cruel purveyor of assisted suicide . 
music neg 189.txt this is the #1 worse song of 2006 ( #2 is " sexyback " by justin timberfake ) . for real . his voice is awful and i do n't know who is worse : james blunt , macy gray , or shakira . imagine the three of them doing a performance together on a stage . it would be pure he11 
software neg 402.txt i got my dvd a few weeks back and discovered i could not read any of the files form the 1990s . i tried on several computers i have in the house and came to realize that the dvd is defective . i contacted gitcorp about the problem and they informed me they would send me a replacement disc . problem is that after nearly four weeks there has n't been any dvd and repeated attempts to contact gitcorp has resulted in no reponses . update , after continued emails to gitcorp , i finally got a replacment dvd . they did n't even ask to see the original bad dvd . so my rating of this product would go up if i could . if you buy the product , check it closely , and get in touch with gitcorp as soon as you find any problems . they can be very slow about responding 
software pos 59.txt great sw , easy to learn , and good graphics . really helps visualize the space when you can see it 3d . could be improved if numerous similar objects could be selected and changed simultaneously ( e.g. , windows , doors , cabinets to get all with the same materials , colors , & hardware rather than one at a time - very labor intensive ) . should warn users to select / create a style and then copy / paste them where needed . also , difficult ( maybe impossible , because i have n't figured out how to do it ) to change a room 's / house 's overall style once you start a given design 
books pos 482.txt i have used this book for more than 5 years and take it with me on every trip to paris . if you ca n't get success from these recipes then you might consider some other past time than baking . get used to baking with weights and this book is perfect . something as simple as a madeleinne is created perfectly in weight measures but just a shot in the dark when using volume measurments . this book is not exactly for beginner bakers but if you have some experience it is fantasti 
music pos 878.txt this album has morse code on it , what more can you say.. . ...well some of that morse code actually sounds like that ua6 you just worked on 40 metres , complete with t6 buzz and slow drift . and the music is pretty good too . 
health neg 538.txt for the price you cant beat this product , if the problem i 'm experiencing can be solved . i bought two of these brushes , one for my home bathroom and one for my work-out bag . love the price and timer feature.. . but it seems that once i 've used up the power in the brush , it wont recharge properly . i 'm experiencing this problem with both brushes no matter how long i leave it in the charger . if there is a simple fix for this then i 'd say 5 stars . if not , then 2 stars is well earned , seeing as how i 've been on their support line waiting ( as i type this ) for over an hour 
software neg 505.txt i purchased this item for $10 from comp usa . there was a problem with some of the files so when i finished installing it , my computer was a mess . i lost all my desk top icons and my computer was extremely slow to respond to anything else . it took me a while to get the program removed and i eventually ended up doing a system restore . when the screensaver came up it did look awesome . i wish i could have used it but i am not going to try and install it again . 
camera neg 217.txt this camera will probably go down in nikon 's history as one of its most over-priced and disappointing cameras . i bought mine through amazon from calumet in january 2003. from the start , the colors never looked right , especially the ghastly magenta-toned skin tones . i also bought the sb800s ( 3 of them ) , thinking the cls would be a great addition . but the system uses ir and is unreliable in any situation except very tight environments . the camera has a wonderful feel , viewfinder and reasonably good controls . but the results are disappointing . the sensor is undersized for this class of camera and considering what its competition ( canon ) offers . nikon finally realized this and on dec. 13 decided to dump all these cameras by lowering the price $1 , 200. it just so happened mine was in melville , n.y. , with a long list of issues to be repaired while it was still under warranty . these include bad af performance since upgrading to v2 of the firmware , bad color , overexposure , blurry images with the vr lens and inconsistent color balance from frame to frame even when using a preset value . i would strongly suggest that you do n't buy this camera and thereby reward nikon for producing an inferior product originally sold at a ridiculous price for what it offers . indeed , forget nikon and go to canon 
books pos 600.txt peck relates growing up in rural / small town vermont with a best friend who gets him into lots of trouble . humor and pranks abound in between lessons learned 
dvd pos 763.txt this movie is great ! very subtle humor but if you watch it you will be laughing out loud . love it 
dvd pos 719.txt these 50 's and 60 's films i saw at the theatre with my brothers and never forgot them . i plan to give it brother a set to bring back those times 
music pos 661.txt i wonder if the two reviewers who said they were disappointed in this soundtrack watched the film ? my guess is that they did not . the film was enhanced by the james horner score and it would have been hurt by anything that was not light and subtle . it is a unique and amazing film and the score is a perfect match . by the way , the bigwigs at universal nearly died when they heard it and then were equally stunned when they asked horner for the written score and he had to admit that none existed ! wonderful music 
health neg 337.txt i tried this thermometer on my baby and then even on myself when i could n't get a consistent reading . the temperatures were so varied it was completely useless ! ! very disappointed ! ! i returned it without even the box 
dvd pos 388.txt such a kiddie classic..so cute im 22 and had to have this because i loved it as a ki 
software pos 362.txt this is truly the killer application for comic book collectors . you get the comic 's whole run from its auspicious origins in 1961 to its current incarnation at the end of 2004 , in a tiny dvd that you can carry anywhere . the thrill of reading classical issues in all their colored glory is not to be missed , particularly for those not reprinted so far . i especially enjoyed the impossible man and molecule man origin stories . seeing how particular adventures ended is also great fun , since i owned some comics from the generally undistinguished 1980s , but did n't know how things turned out . being able to read the entire john byrne run of the mid-eighties was spectacular . it 's even better than his work at the x-men , and almost as cool as the lee-kirby years . this is so much better than the essentials , since it 's in color and so much cheaper , plus it includes the original ads and letter pages . it also beats the masterworks series not only on account of price , but also because it has the original colors . it 's as good as owning the complete collection , but it will take up less space and hence will generate less nagging from mothers or wives . this is a must have item , with perhaps the best price / quality ratio i have ever seen . can it be improved ? sure . why not take advantage of the possibilities of computers and create an index of all characters that would allow the reader to see all appearances of a character over the years ? why not create an index of writers and artists , so that one may quickly get a view of their work ? cross-referencing is the next step the good people at marvel must be working on . but there 's no reason to wait for that . even as it is , this dvd is not just good enough . it is great , like the fantastic four themselves 
health neg 643.txt it lasted one year and two weeks , then the motor died . while it worked it was great . i am tempted to buy a replacement , but will probably end up trying another brand . the manufacturer is probably banking on people buying several , because when they do work they do a great job 
software pos 122.txt this was a wonderful game ! hours of good , solid game play . an interesting mystery and intriguing characters . a chance to interact with aquatic life . i learned how to work a gps and a ham radio . it was so much fun . the puzzles were a good mix of ability-levels and types . word puzzles , spatial puzzles , problem-solving ones . i can completely recommend this game 
software neg 825.txt for those considering outlook 2007 , beware of my experience : one morning i ran outlook 2007 to find it would not download email messages at all . ( i would get an error about mapi . ) this appears to be due to an automatic office update of the junk mail filter . one of the most important features of an email program is that it does n't suddenly stop being able to check email ( imagine being on a business trip ) . automatic improvements to the junk mail filter sounds great , but if that means one morning i wake up to not be able to check email at all , then the medicine is worse than the disease . the new features and changes outlook 2007 really do not compensate for the lack of reliability . if you have another email program that works , i 'd stick with it and not switch to outlook 2007. on a positive note , i was able to fix the above problem by running repair ( reinstall ) from the office 2007 install program , but this took half an hour or so to run . 
camera neg 126.txt this item is either not coated or has a single coating and thus any time sun hits the filter , it produces flare in the picture . furthermore , after doing more research it turns out that these uncoated or single coated filters can cause up to 9% light loss vs multi-coated filters like hoya s-hmc or b+w mrc filters . as for polarizer effect itself , i think it 's amazing and you owe it to yourself to at least try it on a nice sunny day . ( the sky and foliage will look completely different and alive 
software neg 806.txt just terrible software . often does not work - if that would be the only thing it would be enough . but it is worse than that . bogs down your computer big time . makes it run super slow . horrible . whoever has written good reviews must be shills for norton . avoid . repeat . avoid 
software pos 123.txt i had a lot of fun playing this game and look foward to playing more nancy drew products . it was interesting and i could n't wait to solve the mystery ! i enjoyed myself a lot ! 
software neg 492.txt this item has not been received in 25 days ! no help from vendo 
music pos 572.txt this is one of those rare cds that you 'll leave in your car cd player for months and not get tired of , because it fits most moods . feels like melissa etheridge meets cheryl crow , with an old blues feel here and there , and some nice , heavy tori amos-like piano and vocals here and there too 
dvd neg 655.txt these 2 guys playing harry and lloyd were so disastrous . they did n't even know how to act corny when they 're supposed to . jim carrey might be crazy at times but i do n't think he 's this bad . the whole thing looked like monkeys flying around the screen . nevertheless , it has some funny moments like when jessica 's parents found all the poo sticking all over the toilet . the whole idea of a ' special class ' was just so stupid . nothing made sense . i did n't see a single point of the whole plot in the first place just to get a little extra cash . the first one was a lot better than this one . jim carrey and jeff daniels were a lot dumber and a lot funnier . these 2 were worse than dumb and were n't even funny at all . i guess ' dumb and dumberer ' would be better if it were still jim carrey and jeff daniels starring but nooo , it had to be these 2 who i do n't even know . please do n't watch it guys . it may be funny for some guys but it 's mostly corny like kindergarteners gone wild . watch the first one ! ! ! kirstie mabita 
music pos 561.txt when i bought this cd i did not know that much about supergrass . the only songs i had even heard were " pumping on the stereo " and " sun hits the sky " and i liked both of these songs a lot . so while i was cruising the aisles in the record shop , my eyes caught a glimpse of supergrass is 10 , so i decided to buy it because it was at a great price , and i am glad i did . the cd has not left my car since i bought it two months ago . every single one of the songs can get stuck in your head , and you won'tbe upset . from the opening track " caught by the fuzz " to the finale " wait for the sun " the album just rock throughout , and everytime i listen to it i want more . the album clocks in at 71 minutes , but everytime i am done listenintg to it i feel unfulfilled . that is a sign of a band making great music 
music neg 830.txt i was deeply disappointed by the so-called & quot ; return of the funk&quot ; with the headhunters reuniting with their original lineup . as compared to herbie hancock 's original & quot ; headhunters&quot ; release , the return of the headhunters is missing one main ingredient , the grease . this recent release has traded the & quot ; grits and gravy&quot ; created by the sounds of overdriven analog equipment and early model synthesizers , for over-produced smooth jazz-funk , complete with overused n'dea davenport r&amp ; b hooks that left this album flat 
dvd neg 505.txt happy gilmore is one of the funniest movies i have ever seen . then i watched billy madison and it was about a totally moronic spoilt rich kid . total opposites sometimes do n't atract . 
dvd pos 955.txt good subject , the workings of a devious female mind . a complicated love triangle . superb acting 
health pos 624.txt its a nice little trimmer and not cumbersome at all like the remington trimmers . it has a cheap little organizer but as long as your not rough with it , it shouldnt break . another benefit is that you can rinse all the attachments under hot water in addition to brushing the hair out prior to that to ensure a very clean trimmer . just remember folks this is a trimmer not a wet blade or electric razor..it will leave a very fine layer of stubble which is fine by me . a man can still look neat if he shapes up the facial hair before reducing it to fine stubble . my shaving experience with this thing is pleasant...it does not pull hairs which is very refreshing for a trimmer . the only other device i never had / have that problem with is my braun 360 complete ( parts of the year i shave , other parts of the year i trim ) . its a very nice package and efficient . the only drawback is that it seems fragile...so be careful not to drop any part of this set 
music neg 207.txt the music of dowland is wonderful - but sting is n't up to interpreting it . you ca n't even distinguish the words half the time , just a jumble of nice sounds from his pretty tenor - he does n't possess the skills to carry it off . this music has to be interpreted by someone with an ability to express thoughts in heightened language...sting , for all his merits , has n't got that in his repertoire yet . it 's an exercise in pretention , laughable at times . the letter reading is ridiculous . i love both sting 's voice and dowland 's song , but this cd is a failure . 
health pos 533.txt this shaver replaced a norelco advantage ( 6 years old ) that was shaving good but would no longer hold a charge for more than a couple of days . i ca n't honestly say if it shaves as close as a blade because i have n't shaved with a blade in many years . i have used foil shavers in the past ( braun and panasonic ) and though they might shave closer than a rotary the cost to replace the foils and the nicks that you get is not worth it . i have been using this shaver for about 3 months . during that time i have charged it only twice including the initial charge and that is using it at least every other day . at first i thought it was underpowered because it is so quiet but soon found out that it shaves much closer than my old advantage which i thought was doing a great job . it shaves quick and close ( personally i think as close as a blade ) . when you are done shaving you just rinse it under the tap and let it dry . it does n't get any easier than that . i have cleaned the heads once as stated in the instructions and that is easy too . the only con is i have dry sensitive skin and have not seen any difference between the 3 comfort settings . use electric shave before shaving and i think that you will agree that it shaves as close as a blade without the irritation . highly recommended and worth the price . 
dvd neg 574.txt i bought the dvd for my collection after watching the film on tcm . the musical perfomances are terrific . upon receiving the dvd , i was very disappointed in the quality of the dvd production . the dvd states digital sound , but the sound quality is very poor and not at all as enjoyable as the broadcast on tcm . 
health neg 503.txt i purchased the waterpik na-2 gentle sinuse rinse attachment , expecting it to work with the waterpik professional ultra dental water jet , since that is what was advertised . they do n't fit in this model , so do n't waste your time purchasing both together ! the sinus attachments are too short , so they ca n't " click " into the water pik . the end result : water leaks out , and there is no pressure through the sinus attachment . i had to return both items since the amazon rep could n't find any sinus attachment to work in the waterpik ultra model . it 's a shame because i love the small footprint of the waterpik ultra , and it comes with a lot of cool attachments . hopefully waterpik will come up with something in the near future 
software pos 545.txt i enjoy the aqua real 3d ! its enjoyable to have fish but its a lot of work to keep it up . having this 3d virtual reality fish is fun and brings the enjoyment w / out the work . its very relaxing to watch the fish and to listen to the water . even my cat watches the fish.. . 
books neg 493.txt the instruction manual in eq2 is quite addiquate regardless of class . things you are not sure of are learned as you go or you can post on numerous forums for answers . since there are stats on top of stats and such vast areas with tons and tons of resources and itesm to be had , this book helps you get an idea of the " where " and " what " . as in where you may find x or what y actually does and realated stats . its a reference guide . but as this game is so dynamic , this book has a limited lifspan and as you develop in the world you will find it to be " old news " rather quickly 
software pos 256.txt i have been using various versions of print shop for years . i am very impressed with the number of new inovations of this new versioon of print sho 
software pos 203.txt ok , sorry , i 've been vectoring line art since 1990. my current machine is an amd athlon xp with the 333 fsb , 1 gig ram & 80 gig hd shared on network & a 40 gig hd for software , os is xppro , it 's 2 years old i think . i installed three cathode ray tubes , you know ; big boxy monitors , the largest of which is a 21 inch monster right in my face all day . i read the reviews here and started " quaking " in my boots ! oops i said to myself , and i looked up my previous day 's purchases for the new artist i just hired . sure enough ; i bought cs2 for the new machine . so i downloaded the 30 day trial for illustrator cs2 upyours , i mean upgrade . replacing my old illustrator 8.01 these kids i 've been interviewing made me think i should take a look outside my cave ! so i got it loaded up and sure enough ; it takes longer to load than my old corrupted rusty buddy ; illustrator 8.01 , about twice as long . ( so leave it running ) ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! but wow ! ! ! ! ! ! ! i should have done this sooner , or should i have ? as soon as it was running illustrator cs2 auto updated itself . it wanted it 's adobe bridge fixed up . so i let it . this is just exactly what people have been complaining about . ******** the bridge is fixed ********* way super cool dude ! i keep the bridge open on the right monitor and i can drag art into illustrator cs2 at lightning speed . the whole time i get to see super big previews of all the artwork i need to work with . way better than xppro 's little thumbnails . live trace : realy nice , i think this is what these companies are using to sell vectored line art to printers like me . it is very accurate and seems to acomodate all those nasty giant pixels that up till now , took a human brain to see past while vectoring . ok , it 's not as good as a skilled craftsman such as ( full of ) myself , but for only about $160 or so , it 's like a gift from almighty god ! no crashes , no bugs , just pure inteligence from adobe once again . do n't you think of a little white mud hut in the dessert when you say adobe ? i really apreciate the object oriented work bar thing at the top , wait , let me go look at what it 's called , hmmmm , still do n't know , well it changes according to what kind of object you 've clicked on in your artwork . also this new wonder of technology solves an old problem of global color change needed for color separation work . that top task bar object oriented do-hickey is similar but better than the one in photoshop . transparent objects , looks like everything can be transparent , wow , do you know what that means ? ? ? i gotta go use it some more , it 's just way to cool . ok , i 'm back , even fonts can be transparent , .tiffs .jpgs , everything . this means way less jumping back and forth from photoshop to illustrator . but i do believe you have to be very capable with your hardware , operating system , and have at least a year ; full time with illustrator and photoshop to fully appreciate the thought and creative potential that adobe has opened up for us 
dvd neg 549.txt travolta was great in saturday night fever , but this country version just did n't work . although he 's a good actor , he just was wrongly cast in this film 
music neg 30.txt having watched most , if not all of john waters films i was sorely dissapointed by this album , obviously his name was put to something he had n't quite looked deeply enough in to . talk about misleading . as we all know john waters has a certain reputation for sleaze , trash , camp , kitch and bad taste in all the best possible terms , this album had none of this . shame on you john waters for putting your name to a complete load of rubbis 
health pos 507.txt this is the best reacher i have ever used . i am in a wheelchair due to ms and have used various types over the past 6 years but the quality and ease of use is much better with this . 
software neg 878.txt i was a real fan of omnipage until this version . the scanning speed is slug like . the proof reading function has is less functional the version 14 , and it tends to forget the scanner settings . no noticable new features where added from version 14 , and this seems to be a new version for the sake of milking the client base 
music neg 99.txt wild card is the best song on this cd . the rest just did n't do it for me and i did n't care for the latin flavor . this cd was a mess . if the rest of the songs were along the lines of wild card , i would have kept the cd . this did n't say rippingtons to me . 
camera pos 504.txt i recently recieved my new camera , and i am thrilled . i have been researching which camera to buy since december ( when our last camera went capoot ) . there have been mixed reviews for the olympus sw series , but could not resist the appeal of this camera 's unique features . i cannot wait to take it into the pool this summer with the kids . so far , the point and shoot options and pictures have been lovely . any person can screw up pictures with any camera , but this camera has so many features to avoid that . my husband and i had a wonderful time taking extreme close up shots of our garden . i have not seen that quality , and had that much satisfaction from a camera since we first switched over to digital . i am very pleased , to say the least , with this purchase . 
dvd pos 996.txt the show is absolutely great ! blue falcon is another space ghost and dynomut is the futuristic version of scooby doo . dim witted and loveable . getting the complete show is great and the shows from these hb vaults are all looking pretty good with bright and vivid colors ( amid some nasty scratches and dust , but it was cheap animation folks ) . as a scooby fan this is a must own ! i quite enjoy the blue falcon / dynomut show also . 5 stars for the show . the set however nice still drops the ball , you get two single sided dvds and two flippers . the problem with this is that the dvds are all on top of each other with maybe a 1 / 16th of an inch between them both . i know this was to cut down on costs but it makes the two flipper discs quite hard to get out without scratching them or marking them up with a good fingerprint smear . but then again if it was a perfect world we could n't complain . all in all a solid set ! 4 1 / 2 out of 5 
health pos 790.txt having struggled with digital scales that broke after a few years , i finally decided to get the scale my doctor has . it 's terrific because i can see it clearly ( the numbers are right in my face ) and it is built to last forever ! my daughter and i assembled it with a minimum of effort . the directions are written clearly and all adjustments are super easy to handle . it is clearly the best scale i 've ever owned . the down side is that it needs a bit more space than a regular floor scale . you can , however , buy a piece of plywood and put the scale on top of the wood in a carpeted room if your bathroom ca n't handle the bigger size 
software pos 374.txt creating keepsakes scrapbook designer version 2 deluxe - this seems to be a nice program , but i have not found much use for it as of yet . my intention , when buying it , was to use it for scrapbooking but also greeting cards . i am sure that i will use it in the future as the program has nice graphics and is easy to navigate . broederbund products are usually very user friendly 
health neg 549.txt i really like my electric toothbrush from oralb so i thought i would like this too . however , it just does n't work . the cartridges they have set up do n't work because as soon as you tug on them at all , the floss becomes loose and therefore wo n't vibrate - it only vibrates if it 's taut . but because of the way they have the cartridges set up , there is no way to make it taut again . it would have worked if instead they had used a roll of floss and let you feed it through yourself as needed , but they were too greedy and wanted to sell lots of cartridges . this would be ok if you got lots of use out of the cartridges , but in my experience they broke halfway through a single use . so.. . forget it 
music neg 208.txt i ca n't believe i just spent over an hour of my life listening to ten ( ten ! ! ) different mixes of this not too remarkable dance hit . by the third version , my brain turned to jelly . by the fifth , i needed a drink . by the final re-mixed version , my hangover already started to set in . this e.p. is for dj 's and masochists only . - tom rya 
software pos 526.txt i recently purchased microsoft office , and so far , i have had the chance to use microsoft word . i am familiar with the product as i have had the older version before , with my old computer . i was pleased to find that i had no trouble with using my old files with this new software . i also was glad to find a variety of templates which were easy to use . i was able to print out business cards for me and my husband in just one morning . i am also glad that it is n't very much different from the old version , so i was able to use the program easily , without much adjustment . 
camera pos 90.txt i cannot help but giggle when i saw comments like " great lens for the money " . it is selling for $440 at here , even on so-called clearance . however , one can easily find the same lens at least $50 cheaper at some decent online camera store , such as b&h , ritz camera , etc. sad amazon. . 
books neg 30.txt i read some raving reviews about this book , but i admit , i was quite disappointed . factual , i 'm sure , but it lacks details and tries to touch on too much without going into any depth . many other pregnancy books go into further detail 
books pos 526.txt like many of the other reviewers here have already stated , this is a book to be read by everyone ! i am not a reader of westerns but i loved this book . after 800 pages i was never so sad to see a book end . " lonesome dove " has a little of everything , drama , action , humor , and a few love stories to boot . there are few books that have made me laugh or cry like this book did . by the time your are done you will have new friends woodrow , pea eye , claire , lorena , but especially gus mccrea . and you will also have some new villains particularly the frightening blue duck . i ca n't recommend a book any more than this one 
dvd neg 101.txt i love the office . what i do n't love is amazon listing a 3-disc boxed set of seasons 1 and 2 and the 2 bbc specials for sale and then mailing me 2 separate discs of seasons 1 and 2. so be aware that amazon is not shipping what they advertise here . i have contacted them and have had not a reply about this 
software neg 763.txt i had to upgrade to ms works 7.0 due to y2k issues . i am not nearly as satisfied with ms wortks 7.0 as i was with ms works 4.5. i am now searching for a replacement 
health pos 618.txt i have had this straightener for a while , and i still have no complaints about it . it is an affordable option for those looking for a pretty good straightener . i love the heat settings.. . i only need to put mine on the second setting ( 338 degrees ) for it to do a good job , and i have very thick wavy / curly hair . i like the 1 " because it allows me to flip out the ends of my hair , but i 'm sure the 2 " one is great too 
dvd neg 709.txt i viewed this dvd and would give it a 1 out of 5 stars . this is great if you are in college and researching male dancers or something but otherwise it 's kind of lame . it shows about 5 dancers in one club and they interview various women in the club and get their opinions about strippers . i still have not made the connection as to why ron jeremy has anything to do with this documentary ! ladies , if you are expecting to see skin , this dvd shows very little . others may have a limmited interest if you have followed the male dancer trends in the us . 
music pos 174.txt it 's hard to believe this music is more than a quarter century old now . i think it would recieve the same kind of accolades if had come out yesterday . but it didn't . it came out in the summer of 1979. it was the summer before my sophomore year in college , my first summer away from home . for at least a week , anytime it was my turn to put something on the turntable , i 'd select side 1 of " rust never sleeps . " it took me at least that long to flip the darn thing over . and then , when i did , for the next week , anytime it was my turn to put something on the turntable , i 'd select side 2 of " rust never sleeps . " my flatmates never complained . oddly , the songs i see getting the most grief in the reviews here are my faves . you do n't really want to do without the swooping lead guitar , contagious handclaps , and hysterically funny yet politically cutting chorus of " welfare mothers , " now , do you really ? as for " sedan delivery , " i have only the vaguest clue of what it 's about , but it 's sure a scorcher ( and it 's still hard to find a job ) . allright , maybe we do n't need two versions of " hey hey , my my , " but which one would you delete ? as far as i 'm concerned , there 's only one song here that has n't withstood the test of time : " sail away , " which is innocuously pretty , but lacks the bark and bite of even the other acoustic stuff . " trasher " and " pocahontas " are both beautiful and mean in just the right amounts and places . poor marlon , poor csn . do i wax nostalgiac ? perhaps , but not overly so . this remains essential neil , which is to say as essential as rock ' n roll gets . it still sounds fresh and relevant . and fun . did i mention fun ? in fact , i 'm gonna go plunk it on right now , maybe take a breather between " sail away " and " powderfinger " to relive the lp experience . you should too . 
health neg 465.txt before you buy , be sure to check where the pen was made . i have a number of older cross pens that say " usa " near the top , and they are great pens . however , i have bought three different ones in the past few years that do not indicate where they were made , and they are of inferior quality . the top and bottom halves are loose , and have to be carefully manipulated to come together without a gap . the first one i got , i sent it back to cross for warranty repair under their " lifetime guarantee , " only to receive it back unchanged telling me that it was just fine - and a " handling fee " attached . i was willing to believe it was simply an anomaly , one bad pen . so later on when some new colors came out , i bought two more - only to see that they have the same quality defect . my advice : if you want a good cross pen , go to the secondhand store and buy one that was made in usa . they are n't making them the same anymore . 
camera neg 712.txt i 've had this battery for half a year and i agree with a fellow reviewer 's assessment that the battery does not hold much power . i am diligent about expending all energy before recharging because they have memory , but this delkin model 's life span was noticeably short . now i am going to buy a new charger / battery altogether because i do n't want to buy another delkin battery 
camera pos 885.txt we bought this camera because our other digital camera ( sony dsc-h1 ) was too large to carry around a lot of the time . we took it skiing with us ( whistler , bc ) and it took some outstanding pictures , both of persons and of landscape / scenery . it is small enough that you can pretty much carry it anywhere , anytime . others may disagree , but the touchscreen menu controls are easy to use and fairly intuitive . fingerprints do get on the screen but you hardly notice them and they are easily removed ( or better yet , use the little wand they give you with the camera instead of your fingers , that does n't leave any marks on the screen ) . to summarize : this is an excellent camera , very small size but with a large 3 " led display , takes excellent pictures , and the touchscreen menu is easy to use and intuitive . most people will be very happy with this camera if they buy it . the only negative thing is that this camera does not have a view finder , but unless you have very bright sun at your back this is n't too much of a problem . 
dvd neg 336.txt denzel washington is probably my favorite actor . even in that dog of a movie called the manchurian candidate , he shone . tom hanks ? well , lemme quit hating the guy . this is a well-intentioned movie , tom did a creditable job , and we had extreme close-ups with funny colors to camouflage the spots where he overreached . i was also pleasantly surprised to see antonio banderas fly in the face of his latino studliness by playing a gay guy . a passionate one , though , since he 's still a latino , after all . actually , this is a hollywood " message movie , " and you know what that means . it 's about as subtle as michael moore . those who agree with the message flock to be beaten about the head by it for two hours . those who the filmmakers would like to see the movie , those who do n't agree with the message , stay as far away from it as possible . there 's a scene in the library where nobody wants to sit at the table with aids boy . the way they stared at him reminded me of " lao wei in china " experiences . denzel 's character was reminded of segregation , even though he 's too young to remember it , and started to care about tom hanks ' character . aids discrimination is bad . actually , any discrimination at all is bad . and that 's the movie 's message . i agree with the message , but still . that 's all we 've got . as a totally irrelevant non-sequiter , if the name " sam francisco " means anything to you , you 've seen subtle commentary on discrimination . i love a great courtroom drama . this one was merely good . with so much of an agenda to squeeze into a two-hour film , they had to take a few shortcuts here . sad , ai n't it ? but even so , a well-intentioned film that i 'm glad i saw . once . not twice . once is enough , thank you . 
software neg 216.txt while microsoft tries very hard to make office " think ahead of me , " they almost always seem to get it wrong . the result is a package that consistently annoys me . it is true that one can turn off the " helpful " hints and otherwise customize the programs so that they are less hindering , however the bloated package will nevertheless usurp your computers resources like nobody 's business . in my opinion , office ' 97 was an excellent package , and the versions since then have gone steadily downhill . as with many people , i use office at work because i have no choice . at home i 've had good luck with staroffice from sun . while not perfect , staroffice has read and created files compatible with microsoft office very consistently in my experience , and it 's a whole lot less expensive . i am therefore hesitant to recommend microsoft office professional edtition 2003 to anyone except those who need the most advanced functions of excel and / or need to use access database frequently . 
health neg 481.txt this is the most innacurate thermometer i have ever come across . each reading seems to increase or drop by 1 degree or more . moreover , the battery only lasts for 1-2 uses . granted , one needs to take 10 readings to get a general idea of the correct temperature , but you would think the battery could last a few more times . when you have a sick child , accuracy and time are of the essence 
dvd pos 734.txt this movie showed what an amazing dancer gene kelly was . this is one movie i recommened for anyone who loves the world of dance , thinks gene kelly is hot ( lol ) or if you love musical theater . 
camera neg 861.txt i ordered two of the items above in error . i did not think the first order was submitted properly so therefore a second one was ordered and came from antonline . i have been trying since dec. 19 to return the wide angle lens and adapter to them . i am 71 years old and not computer savvy . i just wish i could get return labels and my account credited . they are still in the original packing as received and never been opened . thank you for being interested . i was informed by them that my time had expired . i do not believe this to be true , or does your opening web page not apply to them . 
software neg 555.txt does n't tell you how to get anywhere when used with a gps...simply shows you where you are . nothing more than a glorified paper map . a complete embarassment 
music pos 2.txt on one hand , this cd is a straight ahead instrumental rocker , but johnny a really shows how great he is with ballads , such as his covers of " wichita lineman , " and " yes it is. " in fact , those two ballads alone are worth the price of the cd by themselves . but johnny a can flat kick your ass , too . he 's a biker and his tunes like oh yeah , in the wind and two wheel horse are named for his other hobby . and they rock , but there 's nothing cliched or tired in his style . he always seems to be looking for new ways to say something . i saw him in person at the triple door in seattle sometime in february 2005 in a power trio format and he played most of the tunes on this album . the guy is one amazing guitar player . he played his signature gibson hollow body , fitted with a vibrato tailpiece ( bigsby ? it was like the old chet atkins " country gentleman " model ) and he utilized a battery of foot pedal effects , coming eventually through a pair of marshall combo amps . the guy had some of the best clean tones i 've ever heard from anyone , anywhere . basically , johnny a is a guitarist who has complete command of the instrument . and he 's got a rocking soul that cuts loose on originals and covers alike in a style that 's all his own , and that 's saying something these days . if you love great rocking / rockabilly guitar , combined with really cool ballad playing in the power trio format , this cd is just what you 're looking for . in fact , i guarantee you 'll be knocked out . five stars . 
camera pos 537.txt this is the only tripod that i have ever owned , however , i do agree that it seems to be a very nice piece of equipment , especially for the very low price . it suits my needs well for a small digital camera . the only downside is that it does not come with a carry bag . this was an oversight on my part when i ordered , and i 'm sure i would have to pay just as much as i did for the tripod to get a bag for it , so i will live with it as is 
software pos 227.txt i loved the experience , especially with the smart picks , smart templates , smart search , and smart rank . i recommend it to any user . very happy with the product ! thanks eisenworld , thanks alohabob 
books pos 725.txt ( 3.75 ) the other reviews can reveal what this book is about . what i wanted to share is the extreme responses this book incited in my boyfriend and me . he alternately found himself loving the narrator , yuriko 's sister , for her brutal honesty and hating her for her malice and psychological bullying of kazue . meanwhile , i found myself rooting the narrator on as she spoke the cruel truth about the pitiful hopelessness of kazue 's meritocratic dreams , but a moment later i wondered if that made me a bully myself or as bitter and heartless as the narrator . perhaps it reminded me too much of what i had seen growing up to shock me . then , there was the simultaneous hilarity and pain of kazue 's cluelessness . was she a tragic figure , blind , or both ? i admired kirino for inspiring me to feel so much for her characters , even for yuriko , who is certainly not the ditsy airhead her older sister wants us to believe she is ( i also found it hard to believ she was as ghastly as she considered herself in her 30s : is it just because women past 25 in japan are regarded as christmas cake , as a friend from japan says ? ) . my attention was quite strained by zhang 's tale of chinese hardship ( it seemed the wrong book to educate the reader about how difficult it is for immigrants in japan ) , but i immediately forgave kirino when yuriko 's older sister admitted herself zhang 's account was tedious and could be skipped ( i 'd recommend others to skim it as well ) . again , my patience was tested by kazue 's journal : i just kept on thinking , are n't you ready to die yet ? but i see this was intentional on kirino 's part , to make the reader struggle between our ( or my ) wanting kazue to just give up on life and our feeling ashamed for our coldness and complicity in her bullying . it also made my boyfriend and me think concurrently of the people we loved in our own lives who were heading towards the same fate as kazue and yuriko , not through prostitution but through drugs . what did disappoint me in the end was the last chapter , which seemed a cop-out . if only an editor had suggested it was unconvincing and encouraged her that an alternative , though more shocking , would be more in line with the narrator 's character , but that is wishful thinking on my part . when i give this book to others , which i will , i will make sure to discuss with them , when they 've finished , what they thought of the ending . this book could have been edited down a hundred pages ( back when it was written in japanese ) , but for what it did offer , i have no regrets for its consuming my attention entirely and will always look forward to further translations of kirino 's books . this book may not be the masterpiece " out " was , but for anyone who has gone to an elite school on scholarship , striven to remain a petite zero , wanted to excel while recognizing how off-the-mark our values of judgment are , or wondered just how much her body could be worth , reading " grotesque " is just as powerful an experience as reading " out " was 
health neg 668.txt i got this as a gift for christmas , and i 've tried it twice so far . both times i get the same result - it does n't work . i understand that with wet hair , it wo n't dry it , obviously . but even with damp hair , as instructed , it does n't get my hair dry . as for the actual straightening aspect , i still end up with frizzy hair that is n't even all that straight . it 's not worth the money - spend the extra bucks and get a chi or infrashine , you 'll be a lot better off 
health neg 320.txt i am a male . i did a search and this item showed up for men . however , it is way too long for a man unless he is yao ming . it looked like i was wearing a skirt and came down several inches below my knees . i am 5'10 " tall . also the light wieght microfiber terry was a drawback . it clings to you and builds up a lot of static electricity . i will not ever buy another product made of this material 
books neg 692.txt camenson definitely has experience in this career with many & quot ; career books&quot ; to her credit . however , there are better books out there on writing with more information . this book follows the same old tired format that vgm books are ' not so ' famous for . the internet has more info for a lot less money 
dvd neg 298.txt this film was boring and convoluted . one big mess that you should not waste your precious cash on 
dvd neg 841.txt no reviews for this video as the disk i have got has nothing recorded on it and it has a flat and rough gray inside surface with no silver surface of recorded movie and when inserted into the player a message of no disk is displayed . as the shipping cost is to be born by the buyer in case a dvd is defective and in my case the shipping cost is much more than the dvd as i have to ship in from india . so i can just throw it in the garbage bin and suggest you guys that kindly watch out for this disk . 
software pos 877.txt i am new at researching my family history . the v16 collector 's ed of family tree maker was just what i needed . as an extra bonus it has a 1 yr . subscription to [...] to enhance the research capabilities . i would definitely recommenend this program 
software neg 566.txt this is an extremely flawed software program . i have used quicken for more than a decade , and this product is not worthy of the name . runtime errors keep me from evening getting the program going . it contains 6 bank accounts which i cannot currently print checks from . i have reinstalled the software at least 15 times with no success . i have used every suggestion from tech support and the quicken forums without any success . i guess i 'll have to move to ms money 
music pos 700.txt it all started when i was a little kid and my dad gave me this album ( he was n't a fan , he probably picked it up with a crate of used records . ) it was one of my first exposures to rock and roll . nearly 30 years later i still own the original vinyl ( the one that had the exploding fire extinguisher rooster album cover . ) i am glad to have it now on cd , the vinyl being about as scratched and pitted as can possibly be and still be remotely playable . i dissent the reviewers who praise ducann over crane , for really , it is after all vincent crane 's project ( crane , also organist for crazy world of arthur brown . ) a keyboard player myself i consider crane one of my biggest influences and i hold great admiration for his playing . ducann and hammond also deserve praise for their performances , but it should be painfully obvious who the star of an organ driven rock band is : um , the audience ... er , no the organist ! take a trip back in time and enjoy this classic work 
software neg 135.txt i purchased this software thinking that i could take my digital images , create a slide show with music , and then burn it to dvd for the family to watch . unfortunately , the disk that i got gave me some error messages that when i called tech support ( one hour hold time ) they told me that my error message meant that i could create files , but they 'll only run on my computer , not on my tv dvd player . in addition , you need to buy additional dvd burning software , because the dvd burning software imbedded in this software package will only create dvds that will run on a dvd player with the microsoft logo on them . ( the package says the dvds will run on almost any dvd player ) so i asked for my money back . however , since it took me more than 30 days to find all of this out , they refused a refund . 
dvd neg 31.txt this product was a bad choice for me . it was a poorly done product . it was washed out , the quality , both audio and video was terrible . it was not enjoyable to watch . the packaging was cheap quality . i should have known better . pay more and get a nice set , and a better product . do n't try and save a few dollars if you want something to enjoy . paper sleeves make for a cheap copy . 
health neg 245.txt the wieght is accurate , but the body fat is way off . i had my body fat done 6 months ago by a doctor and i was 12% six months later i wiegh 5 lbs less and the scales says i 'm 25%. something is off and i trust the doctor . if all you want is to see your wieght its fine , but the rest.. . well find another scale 
software neg 627.txt this software is " one time use " ! if you have a notebook and laptop , you wo n't be able to install for both ! it sucks 
music pos 289.txt this album is great but i 'm looking for a song that i think they sung . it goes : pressing on we 're pressing on ( repeat ) . waiting on jesus to answer our call we 're holding on ( repeat ) pressing , pressing , pressing . if anyone knows the name of the song , or has any suggestions on who sings this song , please email me at udeebear1984@yahoo.com . thank you and have a blessed day ! : 
music neg 543.txt actually garth hudson , the former organist of the band does not play on this cd ( nor ' every geriatric rockstar's ' ) . the musician you might be referring to is al garth ex of loggins / messina 
music neg 418.txt this album is one of the only live albums that i do n't have . i have heard samples , and a few extra songs on other cds though . the first thing i hear from somebody that tell about this album is basically that stevie could n't have been more high . his performance was just imbarrassing for the other members in the group ( specifically reese wynans ) . most poeple do n't know this but , on the old vinyl copy of this album , ( i 've never heard it but someone told me ) there was originally a 14th track . it was the song that usually comes close to the end of stevie 's sets . the song was life without you . since it was the very last song , i 'm guessing stevie was more pooped than ever beacause it was the last song and that he was extremely high and everything . being high is one thing , but being high and playing your last song in a set is terrible . in the old vinyl disc , stevie was on his last song and he was so terribly slow that reese wynans walked off stage embarrased and discusted . this track was taken off the album because of its discracefulness 
books pos 175.txt music and culture are discussed , not with the usual artistic focus , but with a healthy blend of science and sociology added to the mix . is music a luxury , an art , or a biological need ? william benzon 's beethoven 's anvil explores links between music and brain functioning , using the history of music and its evolution to draw some important arguments about music 's importance to brain functioning as a whole 
software neg 474.txt this is the worst thing since the office assistant animated paper clip . forcing the " ribbon " on the user assumes that the user likes icons ( i do n't - - what 's wrong with words ? ? ) , and fills too much of the screen real estate . nothing is where it should be . and what arrogance on the part of microsoft to provide no alternate views , no " classic " view , just these piles and piles of inscrutable icons . another oppressive , giant waste of my time and money at the hands of microsoft . 
software neg 475.txt i bought the software some months ago . noticed some problems with my pc in subsequent weeks . did n't put 2 and 2 together . last week however , i 'd come home - no icons on screen - no ability to ctrl-alt_del - each day this would happen . the machine had to be powered on and off to reboot . pulled recent software off machine . yes - you 've guessed - without spy sweeper i have no problems . ok - it might be a conflict with other software - a quick google confirmed my suspicions that others have problems . i was never impressed that it was picking up anything of substance either - but then maybe my machine is clean 
software neg 241.txt although this dictionary 's contents are extensive , the screen functions are relics from the dos era . they are laborious and clumsy . to find a word for difinition , it has to be spelled perfectly , there 's no list of proximations to the word entered . changing a word selection is also clumsy especially in the thesaurus when the cursor does n't show up in the entry slot . if someone knows of a better software , i 'd sure like to hear cause this thing sucks ! ! maria mcgowan 
dvd neg 621.txt i bought a couple of bob vidoes through amazon for my son , age nearly 2 , who loves the series . we were crushingly disappointed by these videos , though . the wonderful voices of the uk version ( neil morissey et . al ) have been replaced by american voices . why do they do that ? for us it means the videos are unplayable because they just ai n't bob . british shoppers and anyone familiar with the original bob should be warned . ( can i get my money back ? 
music neg 939.txt this live album / in-studio acoustic ep is hard to figure . most of the live stuff is selected from bls 's & quot ; stronger than death&quot ; album , which was n't all that great to begin with . the only good thing being ; that album was so poorly mixed that live versions of & quot ; all for you&quot ; and & quot ; 13 years of grief&quot ; sound much better and immediate than their studio counterparts . a new heavier version of & quot ; no more tears&quot ; tries to please , but fails by showing zakk wylde 's gruff vocals do n't always work . unexpectedly , the bonus acoustic ep is the far better attraction . & quot ; like a bird&quot ; is the best song neil young never wrote and & quot ; blood in the well&quot ; shows zakk 's soloing chops in full form . bls needed some better songs before doing a live record . end of story 
dvd pos 430.txt it 's not a great movie , but it 's a lot of fun . this is one of those movies that just catches me . it 's quirky and has some decent ( for it 's day ) effects . there are a feww laugh out loud momments . truth be told they are few and far between . some great bit characters make up a fun ensemble . the cast is pretty damn cool , with urich being upstaged by ron pearlman , angellica houston , john mat. . mattus.. . the big guy . anyway , it 's cornball comedy with a basic plot . hey what do you want ? it 's 80 's chessy goodness and more fun that it should have been . i still giggle at the time warp battle 
books pos 434.txt this is a great book i love it and its very interesting ! great information and pricing 
camera neg 255.txt i have been working with this camera for about a year now , for product shots online , and while sometimes it takes great pics , many times the flash pops and whites out , or it goes off and you get a black picture . i take pictures of jewelry , and if i try to shoot a piece with green and blue coloration , the color is not accurate . purple is another color this camera does not accurately pic up . while you can fiddle with 4 different picture taking settings , in all different modes , you 'll never get the same picture twice , even saving the setting . the light has to be just so , to get a good shot . when it shoots clearly , it can take fabulous pictures , but often , pics are blurred as many others have said , when they actually come out . my old camera , the dsc p71 3.2 megapixel is much better , colors are accurate always , shooting is flawless and foolproof every time , and the greatest feature is re-sizing your picture and trimming right on the camera before uploading . this feature is completely missing from the dsc p200 , which was the biggest disappointment , as i figured it would be a given i did n't have to ask about when purchasing . why would sony eliminate this great function ? had i know that when the salesman at the large new york city photo store told me this was the camera i dreamed of , i would not have bought it . i prefer also to use the rechargable aa batteries instead of the lithium battery , which is super hard to load , and charging this camera is a nightmare with the charger it comes with . it is like a puzzle trying to get the charger inserted at just the right angle . every time it takes me several minutes , and finding a good little wall charger for it is also a problem . i recently took this camera on vacation to take pics and get footage for burning to dvd . sound quality is good , but video quality can be choppy , and the monitor did not let me even see that my setting was overexposed , so all my footage is somewhat overexposed for the entire trips shootings i made . the monitor , while big , does not show you always what you are shooting , whether a still , or movie picture . overall , i would not recommend this camera and i actually bought a used second of my old camera , and got my original repaired , because this one does n't compare . this camera is a bit too complicated and not very user friendly . even after using all this time , i still am not sure what i am going to get when i use this camera . i 'd say the worst features to be aware of are for someone who needs accurate color , this camera clearly has trouble showing blue / green shades , and purples accurately , you can never show these colors are they are in life with this camera , and the lack of the " trimming " resizing feature , what was sony thinking ? next time , i am trying something other than sony cybershot unless i hear they have gone back to making a great straightforward , uncomplicated easy to point and shoot camera . this one is definitely not 
software neg 380.txt i ca n't even comment on the actual system works application because i never got it to run - it ruined my system right after install ! once i installed it , it asked for a reboot , then came back wtih " load error ! press a key to reboot.. . " which just lead to the error message again , and again , and again . a chat with tech support ( after an hour wait ) revealed that there are problems with the goback files , so i had to create a bootable cd , and do all kind of things which i have n't been able to do yet since my burner software does n't have image capability - necessary for creating this bootable cd . do n't buy it , do n't install it , do n't use it - uninstall everything norton / symantec and never go back . i 'll be lucky if i ever get my computer working again.....thanks symantec ! ! ! ! 
dvd neg 462.txt the review on the cover of the dvd reads " a snappy , sexy thriller.. . " i must disagree . this was the most unsexy , and unthrilling movie i 've seen in a long time . in my opinion ashley judd doses not fit this roll , it 's almost comedic . twisted is poorly written and losely held to gether by okay acting . seems the actors were doing the best they could with what they had . i have no doubt the producers and director felt the story had potential but they failed to realize that with this production . the film 's ending holds an interesting twist but too many lose ends are left to the viewers imagination . my vote ? just okay , nothing to write home about 
music neg 554.txt i agree with the other negative review below - uninspired , simply forgettable radio trash . cliched lyrics ? check . muddy , simple riffs ? check . boring drumming with a couple of poorly played double bass kicks ? check . thank god i got this in a box of cd 's from a dj buddy of mine for free awhile back . if i actually paid for this crap i 'd have to kill myself . judging from all the " positive " reviews however , it seems some people at lava records or possibly the band themselves ( if they 're still around . i hope not . ) have been trying to plug this sorry excuse for music . 
books pos 287.txt as a history major ( undergrad ) and former high school history teacher , i marvel at crichton 's ability book after book to research a topic down to the bone then flesh it out in an utterly believable and compelling way . for this reason the great train robbery is for me my favorite crichton work , even though it may lack the polish of jurassic park or congo or one of his more recent books . tgtr takes us to 19th century london and gives us a plausible behind the scenes look both at the masterminding of this incredible train robbery , as well as life in general in 19th century london . so often history books give names , dates , connections , but leave one with the question , " yes , but what was it like ? " crichton answers this better than any book i ever read on the sheep enclosure act or most any other dry text . some of it may be fanciful , but it certainly seemed as well supported as many another full blown history text . at any rate , i highly recommend this book for any crichton fan , master criminal fan , or interested history student . the main character , whose name escapes me , alone is a grand study and reminiscent of a larger than life character from a hugo or dumas novel . very fascinating and rapidly moving . 
camera neg 98.txt hello all , lens hoods are pretty much a necessity , but this has to be the mostly poorly made hood i 've ever used . unlike other hoods that screw on , this one requires you to press to opposing clips and then slide the hood one , and release the clips . this leads to problems of alignment , meaning both sides of the clip need to be perfectly aligned in order for the hood to fit right . although it 's a pain and i hate...i do n't really have another alternative . either go w / o a hood , or take this one . either way , guess i 'd rather have a hood on the lense than not having one 
books neg 452.txt it 's always easy to criticize somebody 's personal choises when it comes to the movies and the stars , but this book is dedicated to the most unforgettable actresses and not stars of the studio era . so it comes pretty natural to ask : is esther williams such an unforgettable actress that the author had to overlook margaret sullavan ? was grace kelly 's talent so overwhelming to forget that miriam hopkins had such an individuality in the acting process that she kept on working with such directors as lubitsch , wyler , mamoulian , hawks and vidor to stunning results ? what was wrong with mary astor 's acting and what is right with kim novak 's ? actress to me means patricia neal or shelley winters - norma shearer or natalie wood were stars....think about it 
health pos 573.txt i purchased this hair dryer for an unusual reason : my old 1875 watt conair was actually too much wattage for my bathroom ( the circuit kept tripping ) , so i was actually looking for a dryer with less wattage . however , i did n't want to sacrifice power , as i hoped not to have to devote any additional drying time to my shoulder-length hair . so far , i 've been pleased with this hair dryer . it does seem a bit louder than my previous model- -not obnoxiously so , just a higher , more concentrated fan noise . the dryer is extremely light and compact ; it 's actually smaller than my folding travel dryer . it is very basic , with a choice of high / low settings only ( there is no heat / cool option ) , but it seems to dry my hair just as efficiently as my old higher-wattage dryer . overall , this is a very good basic hair dryer which gives you a wide variety of use options for a great price 
camera pos 122.txt if you are shooting with a compact chip camera like the 20d or rebel xt , you will be happier with the 8mm fisheye . this 15mm fisheye will just be a really distorted wide angle lens due to the 1.6 factor . if you love the fish eye style and have that camera , you 'll need something wider to compensate for your smaller chip . i was disapointed with this lens for that reason . the sigma 8mm is great . a note to the reviewer below . sigma makes some good lenses and bad ones . this is a good one and you probably got a bad copy . it happens often enough with sigma gear . with this lens , its good to go and try one at your local camera shop and make sure it has the style you want . bring your camera with a chip in it and take a few shots and go home to check them out . decide if you like the style and if that piece of glass is a good copy . i got a good copy and was still disapointed because of my lack of knowledge . sounds like you got a bad one 
books pos 132.txt wonderful text . helps to rationalize and boost understanding on why cubans living in miami have such foreign behaviors in the eyes of the outsider . the author takes you by the hand , and walks you step by step . absolutely wonderful and did an excellent job at steering clear of any bias 
dvd pos 354.txt i enjoyed this wholeheartedly . mainly because wwe did a little tweak on the formula . instead of mimicking the one-time use of the flair dvd formula or using the formula that everyone else gets this three disc sets spreads everything around . all the featured stars get their own video package highlighting parts of their career that made them famous or recognizable . then every wrestler gets their own match , some of which overlap which makes things interesting . although we do see some perennial " best of " favorites it was nice to see some obscure pieces of footage . who would have guessed sal bellomo would be on a dvd in the 2000's . if wwe continues releases with rarer footage , i think they 'll have a better chance at impressing the older members of the fanbase 
health neg 777.txt i ordered this product on june 7th 2006 , today is july 11th 2006 , and i still have not received it . i have cancelled my order because it is a lot faster to drive to the story to purchase it , than to wait over a month for it to show up . i 'm really not happy with the turn around time for the tide he detergent . 
software pos 99.txt i decided to get this office suite after using it recently . i 've usually worked on office 97 and 2000 , but the 2003 version has some pretty cool features not found in the older versions . the feature that i really enjoy is the pivot report feature in ms access , which was n't in ms access 2000. this is a truly great reporting feature . you can now use access as a front-end to slice and dice data stored on data warehouses in oracle , sql server , sybase and other enterprise-type databases . if you 're used to creating crosstab reports , you 'll definitely like the pivot report feature . crosstabs are limited to 2 dimensions but there 's no limitation on the number of dimensions in pivot report . to me , the main drawback is the price . ( i did get mine at around $370 at j&r , which is a great price . ) i figure i can upgrade this in about 5 years time , which works out to about $70 to $75 per year ( assuming that i 'll be paying about $370 to upgrade in 5 years time . ) a big positive is that this is the industry standard . so the work you put into learning the multiple new features of word , excel , ms access is not wasted because you can reuse the same skills in another job . your time will be well spent . note that the software may seem bloated but the intelligent user is able to choose and pick the most useful and relevant features of each application and ignore the features that are not useful . different features are useful to different people.. . another positive : each product in office professional is fully programmable using visual basic for applications ( vba ) which you can use to build custom programs . this very powerful feature is sometimes overlooked when shopping for office suites . 
health neg 455.txt i 've been taking these for over 3 weeks. . i have not seen any new hair growth . i think that new hair that does grow will be stronger but this has not caused my hair to grow any faster . i would suggest just buying hair supplement vitamins from gnc or any other place you can find them . they are much less expensive 
books neg 625.txt i did n't expect this series of books to be laid out the way they are . i am disappointed that the " notes " are simply a glorified glossary arranged by chapter rather than alphabetical . key points from the book are not bulleted or organized based on content presentation , rather key terms are defined and that is all . 
software neg 44.txt if you use microsoft office ( word , excel ) do n't buy it ! links to your previous .pdf simply do n't work . adobe knows about it , but have no viable work around . stick with prevous versions . 
health neg 269.txt chair is not at all what it 's advertised as . does not massage just vibrates and makes you feel sick . compatible with sitting on a washing machine . 
music pos 528.txt people , what a killer release this is . i bought it in ' 92 when it was released , not knowing what to expect , as i had never heard a single cut from it . i knew schonn was the axeman on this baby , and that was all i needed to know . i popped this cd in the player , and was instantly floored . what great melodic , poweful tunes filled my ears . i 'm not much of a ballad fan , but even those are great . dean castronova on drums was the perfect choice for this type of release , as he adds the power to schonn 's precision . this is how neal would have played with journey , had the suits let him do so . the gioeli brothers , unknown to me at the time , do a masterful job as well . it 's such a shame that great bands make an album or two , and just fade away , ie . lynch mob , badlands and these guys , to name a few . this release is far superior to their second offering , but that one is pretty tasty as well . i suggest paying the coin for this cd , as it 's worth every penny . hardline 2 will run you about twice as much , but imports often do . get ' em both if ya ' can , but this one is the best of the 2. peace . 
camera neg 156.txt i bought it for my 18-55 ef-s , and it looks like it is not very efficient - but i guess it is normal for a 18mm ( x 1.6 ) . i would have prefered a " tulip " design like those of sigma 
music pos 947.txt never mind the fact that jay introduced the jazz world to charlie parker . his band rocked ! after basie , nobody swung like mcshann . this 2 dis set covers the big band sides and the later 40 's small band jump blues sides . anything by this man is worth listening to . another great disc by the proper label , who release wonderful compilations with informative booklets at a bargain price . highly recommended 
books neg 118.txt apparently the difference between a criminal act ( theft ) and moral redistribution of income is 1 ) who you steal from ( stealing from the wealthy , of course , is moral - - according to rawls and bolsheviks ) , and 2 ) who receives the loot ( the non-wealthy makes it moral ) , and 3 ) who commits the act ( the state / society , of course also makes theft moral ; example - taxation ) , and 4 ) your intentions ( redistribution of income ) . to look at this another way , if your neighbor breaks into your house and steals your money , that 's a crime ( unless your neighbor is poor - - which would then be moral and justice , according to rawls ' formula ) . if the community comes into your house and steals from you , it 's legal and moral justice , again , according to rawls . because , according to rawls , if , before you were born , you were to vote with everyone on how physical world society should be structured , you 'd vote to have the state guarantee that everyone was equal , or they would be compensated somehow for being born ( unjustly ) less-equal . how ? by compensating those with less by stealing from those with more . so those with more would be like oh , say ... a milk-cow who gets milked to serve those with less . so those with more would become a resource , or state-owned slaves to those with less ... because " society " ( the robin hoods and rawls of the world ) deemed this as moral justice . rawls does not take into account those who are willing to take on risk , entrepreneurs , students of life who work to earn an " a " vs. students who earn an " f " . he points out that many people are born into difficult situations through no fault of their own . true . but that does not implicate those within society who are born into better situations as the cause , nor are those who are born into better situations responsible for making up the difference . forcing the " wealthier " ones to be accountable for the unfairness within life and pay the bill is n't justice or moral . it would simply be an unjust law . some people see rawls ' theory as a blueprint for a future generation utopia ( like the bolsheviks envisioned marxism ) . i see it as an insane blueprint for slavery , and a powerful dis-incentive for earning personal reward and merit . in a sense , this book is an argument against the individual . it sees the world through a blurred lense where the author only recognizes masses of people - - he does n't recognize any individuals ( unless they were born as victims ) . curious . how do you experience life ... as a group-mind ( an oxymoron if there ever was one ) , a collective ? or as a unique , isolated , independent , individual ? there should be societal incentives to help each other . okay . but when it is forced ( theft of property always implies force ) , it is no longer an issue of morality or justice - - it 's simply a law . without personal choice being involved there is no morality as an issue , by definition . transforming advantaged individuals into mules forced to carry the burdens of the world is a definition of justice for whom ? 
camera neg 887.txt it looks cool and it 's easy to carry , but that is about it . camera is slow and pictures are often blurry . sorry i wasted my money on this one . get one of the new ones with vr so you do n't have that issue . 
books pos 342.txt this book is a gem that is filled with ideas from many of the best speakers in the world . what a great resource ! it is my favorite book now for ideas on how to be more & quot ; impactful&quot ; in my message to the audience . this reminds me of one of my other classic favorites , think and grow rich . i 'm ordering another copy for a friend today 
camera neg 695.txt this case will protect your camera but has no place for spare battery or even a extra memory card . it only has a spring clip to fasten it to a belt or bag there is no belt loop or other handle strap . there are other cases available with better features for less money 
music pos 738.txt what an awesome cd.. . i bought a flogging molly cd as well but dropkick murphy 's are better by far ! 
health neg 923.txt this little machine is not worth the cost of the plastic to make it . i assumed , since wahl has a long-time history of manufacturing grooming products , that this would be a quality item . was i ever wrong . this trimmer is constructed poorly and does n't cut hair . it will be heading to the trash 
software pos 304.txt i wanted to see if i could do all the essential digital image editing " on the cheap " in pse5...and i am satisfied that i have been able to do just that . the best companion book i 've seen to assist in that effort is this one : adobe photoshop elements 5.0 maximum performance : unleash the hidden performance of elements by mark galer . the combination of the pse5 software and book proved to be perfect for me , and as near as i can tell , i can now do all the image editing i need to do , at a fraction of the cost and time required for the full-on photoshop product . i 'm very satisfied with my purchase . if you 're on the fence about it , i 'd recommend downloading the 30 day trial version from the adobe website prior to purchasing 
dvd pos 325.txt i did not have any of the original trilogy on dvd . i am happy to have the theatrical releases as i am not a fan of the se 's , particularly jedi . i was nervous due to bad reviews , but they look and sound great . if you like star wars and want the original releases i highly recommend these . if you already happily own the se 's or are feeling cheated or robbed in some way by repeated releases of the same movie , then do n't buy these . 
books pos 425.txt it is , in my opinion , the second best anne book ! its anne 's wedding ! the whole thing is soaked in romance ! leslie 's story is so amazing and sweet that you have to love her . captain jim is so sweet and perfect , you can nearly see him . miss cornelia is funny and susan is great . anne has to deal with tragedy and joy that makes the books so wonderful . the only thing i do n't like , is that i wish marrilla and all the avonlea people would be in it a little more . in my opinion , this should be where the series ends 
music pos 767.txt we are using this series of cds in our homeschool music program - they are fantastic ! we especially love this one about bach - what an awesome man ! the story of his life is told in a way that is very interesting and holds the children 's attention while also using various pieces of his music in the narration . it is done very well ! my children are gaining a tremendous amount of knowlege and appreciation for music through this cd and so are my husband and i 
dvd neg 423.txt the story line was fair , but the t&a not so hot.. . 2 star 
camera pos 829.txt i bought this camera to replace a casio exilim ex-s500 that was sadly stolen from me . it 's the same size , which i love , and as convenient , which is awesome . it has a large bright screen to see the pictures you are taking or have taken . it 's one of my favorite things ever 
music neg 597.txt gerry marsden and his pacemakers are great . i just want to point out that the double-cd ' best of ' import has 15 extra tracks and sells for about the same price . there is just no reason to buy this compilation instead of the import 
camera pos 779.txt while not on the ' highest end ' of tripod purchases , this one is a must for anyone owning a hdr-hc1 or other compatable camcorder . operating the camera from the tripod ( rather than the touch screen ) provides steady footage for the amatuer videographer . the unit assembles easily and has stable panning and rotation . the only drawback is the soft storage bag which does n't provide adequate head protection 
camera neg 57.txt yes , i have to agree with the previous review . it does n't seem to make any difference in reducing lens flare from light sources . it does n't seem to extend far enough to actually do anything . if it was less expensive i would n't mind as much , and just chalk it up to extra protection . but that seems to be all it 's good for 
books pos 828.txt this is a great book to have on your shelf . lots of good recommendations for a beginner quilter 
software neg 230.txt i have owned eleven vcom products and from now on , they do n't have my business . the product touts itself in part as a vital tool when / if your machine crashes . if it does , be prepared to shell out the cost for another complete program . you are told that the program is already installed on another machine and you ca n't run it-although this occurs after a lengthy and cumbersome installation process . sadly , customer assistance is no help-emails are unanswered and you ca n't get through via phone...what you do get from them once you register are constant emails about new products . thanks , folks . version 6.0 is also much slower than version 5. support for 5.0 , by the way stopped abruptly when the new edition came out , despite the functionality of that program . for the price , the software should work like a major player , rather than a dollar bin special . 
camera neg 492.txt i loved the camera , absolutely loved it . i was using it one night and it died . i went home and put in on the charger and nothing happened . the light on the charger did n't flash or the camera did n't even go in after dying . the second time i used it , i just got back from vacation and put it on the charger . i was able to turn it on to look at the pictures . as i was looking at the pictures , it just shut off . i was unable to find a way to turn it back on or even shut the nose . i would not recommend it for this reason unless the charger you get is different than mine . 
camera neg 926.txt i found it on sale - luckily because it did not work . cute as the dickens and came with a great strap and the art program was fun for the kids - but no go on the camera . never able to get it to power up - yes fresh batteries too . we were very disappointed : 
books pos 851.txt the book arrived in a timely fashion . the photograply was beautiful . however , i found it to be a coffee-table book rather than a text book which i needed 
books pos 21.txt college stoner cult following aside , hunter s . thompson 's journalistic prowess was a vital national resource up until he left us last february . thompson was one of those brave few who dared to cut through popular media perceptions and glittery rhetoric and travel right to the ugly center of his subject material , counjouring hilarious allegories where the average journalist would already have soiled himself in disillusionment . on the campaign trail should be required reading for all those who hold a less skeptical view of american politics than say , the average wwe heavyweight title match , for a truly sane person should be no more shocked to hear of a politician lying or cheating to increase his presidential hopes than when the undertaker strikes his opponent with a steel chair when the referee turns his back . hunter has long since traveled through this looking glass - - although he can at times be found expressing nostalagia for the wide-eyed optimism of the 60s - - but the result is not nearly as depressing as it is hilarious . the image of thompson infiltrating the nixon youth at the rnc and yelling obscenities and death threats at rival journalist john chancellor 's press box while surrounded by hundreds of kids chanting " four more years ! " was one of the funniest any book has offered me in a while . how does the cliche go - - " the more things change , the more they stay the same " ? after the thorough spanking of george mcgovern at the hands of richard nixon , hst credits the most staggering blow to mcgovern 's presidential hopes to a media crisis involving his vice-presidential nominee , thomas eagleton . just days after eagleton was named as mcgovern 's running mate , two democratic campaign managers received phone calls revealing that eagleton had gone through intensive psychiatric treatment on three separate occasions . as the story spread like wildfire throughout the press , mcgovern 's presidential hopes were dealt a blow from which they would never recover . since then , we 've seen willie horton and the swift boat veterans come out to haunt their respective candidates , and one is inclined to wonder who the democratic " mascot " will be for the 2008 race . perhaps a mentally disabled child whose tricycle was crushed by the car of hillary clinton ? a dominican prostitute who gave joe biden the clap ? but i digress . i give on the campaign trail 4 out of 5 stars because the book , like presidential campaigns themselves , can at times seem uneventful . thompson addresses this from time to time , wondering aloud what it was that made him want to cover politics in the first place before remembering that the rush one feels from being a part of a winning political team is nearly identical to that of a junkie getting that long-needed fix . other parts of the book will only make sense to the more hardcore followers of politics . for instance , hst 's extensive interview with campaign manager rick stearns , where stearns explains the intricacies of acquiring state delegates , reads like hieroglyphics to me . 
camera pos 627.txt got this camera in 1999 and it is still doing very well ! more than 3000 great pictures have been taken . the camera is very easy to use and needs no maintenance . a word of caution - ensure that the camera does n't get pressurized laterally - this can happen if it is stuffed in a bag and someone sleeps over it . the spring-operated shutter is very sensitive . would recommend this for anyone who is looking for a cost-effective and easy-to-use film camera 
health pos 262.txt i use this product all the time . it was becoming hard to find in department stores , but i found it available and cheaper online . i 'm very happy . 
dvd pos 269.txt there are plenty of anti-bush films and books around . if you only shall see or read one , this must be the best pick . i like michael moore very much , but he is not really a political heavyweighter . and i do n't think fahrenheit 9 / 11 is his best work , it does not mix humour and political insight as well as the book " stupid white men " for instance . it is more like two or three movies in one . william karel is a political heavyweighter and he does not try to make anything more than a documentary . but what a documentary it has turned out to be . very disturbing insights from informed sources , among them former cia-agents . it is not usual to hear such plain speaking from " people in high places " just a few years after the events . this film is perhaps not as entertaining as fahrenheit 9 / 11 , but far more informative . 
books pos 20.txt the journal format is a unique take on the genre and i especially like the detailed attention given to gear and survival . the author obviously knows his stuff . what 's also impressive is that this novel is self published . i 'm surprised someone has n't taken notice and offered j.l. bourne a deal . he 's good 
dvd neg 504.txt most boring of the barbie movies , i am sure glad my daughter has stopped asking to watch it over and over . and when it is so boring it seems to drag on forever . and i agree with another reviewer , princess and the pauper and rapunzel , much better ! ! ! 
books pos 272.txt i can not put into words what this journal of the truth has done for me as a african-american male living in the united states of america . i was introduced to this book by a man of guyanese decent who knew i needed to read this book . i have to admit it was a difficult read because my primary education only spoke of american history and there was no mentioning of any african-caribbean contributors from the " middle passage " period . now , at thirty-nine many things are clearer to me . " roots " and " beloved " are historic , well-documented treasures and need to be used in educating all children no matter race , creed or color . to make sure what i read had some semblance of truth while in puerto rico i visited a sugar mill in guanica and my heart just melted . if you read the book you will understand my feelings . i became angry because something as simple as not being forthwith with documented history such as this to young minds of american children lead to misunderstandings amongst the masses hailing from africa , south america , the caribbean , asia , united states and europe . eric williams i know i can not thank you in person because you are no longer here physically but your spirit lives on in your books and you will always be alive everytime one more person reads your book and awaken " thank you " ! for everyone else read the book it will cleanse your soul and feed your mind . once you finish this read " how europe underdeveloped africa " by the same author 
books neg 516.txt the author dwells too much on knife fighting rather than the knives . i found the book to be a disappointment 
camera pos 661.txt i would recommend this to anyone looking for a way to take video and pictures without the hassle of lugging around ( and charging ) two separate gadgets . it takes excellent pictures , just as good if not better than any other digital camera i have seen . i am also very pleased with the video - i found the software very user friendly and video was easy to transfer and edit on my computer . the battery has a good life , i have had no problems having to stop and recharge it . there is a nite mode that compensates ( very well , i think ) for low light video . the camera is easy to carry around ( it is smaller than my 35mm ) and i am having no problems with the functionality - all in all a great idea and easy to use with great pictures and great video 
music neg 715.txt the worst christmas album i ever heard . i just bought it , played it once , and will never play it again 
camera pos 79.txt i bought this lens to go with my canon digital rebel xt . i absolutely love this lens . i got it to try some insect and other macro shots and it has served this purpose very well . with some practice this lens will produce fantastic macros with some great bokeh to boot . i read the other reviews and must say that i have never scared an insect away with the noise as mentioned before . and i have taken countless insect shots with this lens . it is a bit louder than the other lenses i have but i do n't see it to be a problem . the one problem i do encounter is when using the autofocus in a busy closeup scene it often will focus on the background instead of say a closer insect on a flower . when this happens i just flip it to manual and focus that way . no big deal . overall , great lens for an even greater price . definitely worth it . ( i submitted a photo of a bee that i took a couple of days ago with this lens as an example . ) 
dvd neg 951.txt as cute and talented as i think hugh jackman is , this production was a waste of time , space and money . everyone involved in this feature should be ashamed of themselves . the acting is bad , the script is horrendous and the cg people apparently think their stuff do n't stink...which it does-badly . it 's not the worse movie i 've seen , but it 's surprisingly close . please do n't waste your time with this film 
health neg 268.txt i was very excited that one of my " boys " had bought me this chair , but when it finally arrived , i was very disppointed . the motors are semi weak , it does not feel like 10 motors more like 6 if that . the chair 's pic is also very unrealistic in my opinion , the seating it not attached , its a pad , very cheaply made not worth the price at all.. . i wouldnt pay more then 80.00 for this chair ! 
music pos 607.txt leo kottke is a national treasure . he is our greatest living solo acoustic guitar virtuoso . having said that , you 'd expect his cds to be at a very high level of brilliance . i have at least a dozen of his titles . if there is any trouble in deciding the merits of any one disc , it 's because there are so many kottke releases to choose from . " one guitar , no vocals " clearly ranks as one of the best . the compositions tickle my brain , warm my heart , and put a bounce into my step . the guitar playing is dazzling . you really get a glimpse of the man behind the guitar by listening to this music - brilliant , thoughtful , odd , complex , quirky , a huge heart , and the wackiest sense of humor . it 's spirited music , so thoroughly drenched in the personality of its creator that it 's unmistakably and immediately recognizable as leo . the world is full of acoustic guitar instrumentalists these days . some of them are quite excellent . many are not . but there is only one leo kottke . and his guitar music is a gift to the world . a very strong recommendation for this cd 
health pos 408.txt well , the other reviews tell you that the shaver works great [compared to other battery operated shavers]. i agree . my point is that one can buy lithium batteries for about a dollar each . google for led flashlight reviews and you will find highg quality cheap lithium batteries . some of them were even tested and evaluated by the flashlight guys 
software pos 782.txt ms put office 2007 on a dvd rather than a cd so there is only one disk , so they make the installation easier right off the bat . unlike all previous versions of office , you do not have to get into the details of what options you want . in previous versions , if you did n't make sure you installed all the features , when you went to do a function that was n't installed , you had to dig out your office disks and install the feature . a huge pain , but not anymore . the installation is hands down the easiest of all versions of office . you do n't have to tell it manually where to find your files . you do n't have to manually put in your favorite buttons . it 's all done for you . yes it takes some getting use to the new layout of the functions , but once you figure them out , it is so nice and smooth . this version is light years better than all previous versions . the most impressive part of the installation is outlook 2007. in all previous versions , you had to export and import all your files and contacts . anyone who experienced this , knows that it never went that smooth . sometimes it was awful and you lost emails and contacts in the transfer , and the time it took to do this , was very painful . this is not the case with outlook 2007. just load the program and it does all the transfers from your previous version of outlook . you do n't have to do a thing , and you 're up and running without missing a beat when the program is done loading . you will be shocked how simple it is . anything new has it 's growing pains to learn , but once you do , you will be very glad you made the change 
books neg 60.txt no longer intended to be a comprehensive reference , the guinness book is now a sort of compilation of interesting superlatives with oversized pictures and many features that are n't even actual records ( " most overrated celebrity " ) . if you 're going to do this , why not offer one edition that plays it by the book ? so dies a noble institution 
music pos 278.txt for the longest time , i have thought that observational truths were highly prone to being the most piercing of things : i have believed that the truth could either hurt ( or disturb ) you terribly , or make you laugh so hard , to the point of hysteria- -or a combination of both extremes . there are many things to put this theory to the test , but to cut it all short , all one would need to do ( if by chance it has n't been done already ) is experience the observational humor of richard pryor to possibly get a better understanding of what i am talking about . this classic comedy album from 1975 is a prime example . richard pryor has been hailed as a genius by many , and i would have to agree : it takes plenty of intelligence and natural talent to be a comedian for starters , but to also turn many disturbing observational truths of everyday life into something painfully , body-breakingly hilarious takes a whole lot of something as well . from the very beginning , to the tail-end of this cd , 1975 's _is it something i said ? _ is a non-stop laugh fest , that personally gets *me* laughing so loud and hard , i end up pretty much abusing almost every part of my body in the process : my throat , my lungs , my sides , my stomach- -they all end up feeling beaten and worn-out . richard 's takes on drugs , sex , race & racism , relationships , and politics in general are every bit as painfully observational as they are profane- -and did i mention hilarious ? the racy quality of the material found here makes so much of what 's referred to as " cutting-edge " these days , seem so contrived and unaffecting ; richard 's observations seem just as relevant now- -if not more so- -as they were 30 years ago . i could n't be graphic in pointing out some of the sickeningly funny moments on this disc - - and there are many - - but i should say that the opening one-two punch of " eulogy , " and " shortage of white people , " and richard 's take on his own battle with cocaine addiction in the " cocaine " bit get me cracking up so hysterically , i sometimes need to be careful not to make myself sick . and again , those are just a few of the many hysterical blasts found here . richard pryor is considered a comedic legend for a reason . this album here is a good example as to why he is considered as such . just do n't play it for the kids , and for the love of god *don't * play it during the middle of the night ; you most certainly will disturb the beauty rest of your family , and your neighbors . and you know what could happen if you disturb one person 's beauty rest : just imagine what would happen if you disturbed the beauty rest of many. . 
health pos 327.txt i purchased this as a gift for my husband and he loves it . well made with good trim length settings , it 's also easy to hold . recommended 
software pos 869.txt this edition of the color calibration hardware and software is very professional - a fact that is reflected in the price tag . however , the difference between the uncalibrated and calibrated states on a television is very noticeable . the kit includes the colorimeter ( color measurement device ) with a usb connection . the assumption here is that a laptop or nearby desktop is available to calibrate the televisions . the software makes calibration extremely easy . it allows the user to select which color and picture controls the tv allows them to use ( not all televisions present the same controls , and even then , they often have different names ) and modifies its process accordingly . calibration takes approximately 30-45 minutes , but the results are undeniably an improvement . the kit comes in a sturdy plastic case with foam cutouts for the hardware and software ( much like a stargate sg-1 case for an alien device : - ) ) . while expensive , the software and hardware can be used on nearly anything that displays a picture - tvs of any kind and computer monitors - without limit . the one caveat is that , for lcd and other tvs or monitors with " delicate " screens , the suction cup provided to stick the colorimeter to the device requires a good deal of force . in fact , the force required is more than i am comfortable with applying to any display i have , except crts . as such , calibration requires one to either hold the colorimeter to the tv for each measurement ( not really a problem ) , or buy the tripod for the device . this is the only downside . this device is definitely of professional quality and is a must for any home theater enthusiast or the perfectionist in your household . it might even be possible to recover the cost of the unit by becoming a calibration technician.. . : - 
dvd pos 339.txt aside from the all-star cast , this story takes turns you 'd never have guessed . it 's a feel good movie in every sense of the word 
health neg 999.txt sturdy enough for the price , but no power . replaced original battery with a new duracell . still fuctioned like the battery was drained . like i mentioned before , what do you expect for the price 
books pos 587.txt i work for a dept . with the state government and grote 's comprehensive performance management system was implemented several years ago . it works . takes the indecision and inconsistency out of perform . mgt . this text is excellent . i found that it was easy to read and to apply . we also use grote 's discipline without punishment ( dwop ) system also . i recommend his book of the same title also . excellent system . 
dvd neg 16.txt first of all , this is not the worst movie ever made , nor even the worst movie ever made that was given a budget and some name stars . the worst movie ever made was " autumn in new york " , but that is a different review . no , this not a great movie , but it is very interesting . and for once , thank god , it does n't end with everything tied up in a pretty hollywood bow where everthing works out for everyone . it has a gritty sort of realism that transcends the walk through performances of the stars of the movie . and the scenery works well for the overall feel of the movie , bleak . more interestingly for me and others of my generation who grew up with the brat pack , this marked the end of these actors forays into trying to do the teenager thing . for molly ringwald , she did n't do anything of note again until " the stand " six years later , and for andrew mccarthy , well it could be argued that he still has n't starred in anything of note again ( although he probably made some money from " weekend at bernies " i & ii ) . anyway , probably better to rent than buy , i am only buying it to complete my 80 's collection . 
health pos 688.txt i bought this product specifically because it was originally described as being / having " mood-brightening natural spectrum light . " i thought it would help on the gloomy pacific northwest winter days . i got it on a friday sale price , so it seemed like a good value for the product description given here . the lamp just arrived ( a few days ago - when i originally submitted this review ) , and the product 's faq sheet states this product is " designed only to provide excellent quality light for daily tasks and hobbies . this lamp does *not* offer the correct level of light intensity specified by the national institute of mental health for the treatment of seasonal affective disorder ( s.a.d. ) . the product literature packed with the lamp has no mention at all that this product offers " mood-brightening " light . because of this glaring misrepresentation , i am currently debating whether to the return the lamp . i agree with the other reviewer that the adhesive labels ( there are two ) are very sticky and difficult to remove completely . i used a combination of methods to remove the adhesive residue . and i agree with the comments about the company name being printed on the front of the lamp . when i saw it in the picture , i thought it had to be some kind of company watermark or logo for the stock photo only , so i was shocked to see " verilux " actually printed / embossed into the lamp housing , in a very prominent location on the front of the lamp . very cheesy , for a lamp of this price point and quality . if you 're looking for a " clean " bright light , in a stylish , portable lamp , this is not a bad choice . but if you 're looking for a full-spectrum light that does offer some light " therapy , " this is probably the wrong choice . the company does have other , " therapeutic " lighting options , but at a higher price point . nov 1 , 2006 update - i was concerned enough about the original , misleading product description that i submitted my concerns to amazon . i now see that the description had been revised since submitting those concerns . i want to thank amazon for their very prompt response in correcting the product description , which should help other buyers make a more-informed decision . 
music pos 20.txt i had tears in my eyes when i first heard this album . i get emotional over music i really like , and this album got to me.so many great standards so well delivered by the duo . they deliberately chose slower ballads for this album so do n't look for uptempo , snappy songs in this one.not that harry warren could not write faster stuff like jeepers creepers , shuffling off to buffalo etc. this album is to sing along with softly or hum.i kept thinking of bogart in the rain in casablanca and other lovers in w.wii.i know the main tune in that movie was not by harry warren ; it simply reminded me of great love tunes from that era by julie styne[time after time] and the grossly underrated harry warren.grab someone you love , some good wine and savor one of the great popular composers and a great duo.they should do more harry warren albums , michael and george.i thank them profusely 
dvd pos 438.txt " domestic disturbance " is a thriller about a divorced couple and their child . frank ( john travolta ) has to deal with a man marrying his ex-wife susan . the guy ( vince vaughn ) is well liked by the community , but there are hints of something being amiss with him . frank 's son claims he witnesses his mother 's new husband rick commit murder . the more frank investigates rick , the more suspicious he looks . the investigation spurs a game of cat and mouse . there is great interaction between travolta as a concerned parent and vaughn the cold heartless type . the tension between them breeds suspense . the would-be new father uses his craftiness to manipulate those around him . there are few things he would n't do to get his way . " domestic disturbance " is entertaining with its high-tension suspense and great action . i highly recommend it for those who enjoy a thriller that will keep you guessing to the last minutes . 
books neg 825.txt i love how many people like to say that lawrence walsh was a republican . funny . he was an eisenhower republican worlds removed from the conservative movement . and let 's face it : he stink bombed george h.w. bush at the end of the 1992 campaign when bush was gaining ground on clinton . i 'm not saying bush would have won if walsh had n't indicted caspar weinberger on the friday before the election , but walsh made a next-to-impossible task unattainable for bush . bush got him back , of course , by pardoning weinberger on christmas eve , 1992. the beginning of the book was interesting to say the least . as it wore on , however , it became a prosecutor hoping to go down in history whining about republicans . let 's face it : people in power tend to be corrupt . they have protection the rest of us do n't have . this was n't just true about reagan and bush ; it 's true about clinton and whoever you wish to name . about halfway through the book , walsh concentrates his fire on the guy who was vp at the time , ghw bush . i also find the fact it was endorsed by a number of liberals interesting to say the least . i guess when you ca n't beat a guy at the ballot box , you impeach him or at least try to . right ? not worth the investment of time or money - but does have some good historical information inside . 
books neg 297.txt this is a good book , but most are under the impression that einstein actually created the content of the book . einstein actually compiled the physics theories of the latest german and italian physicists and wrote it as his entire theory . for instance , e=mc^2 was not created by einstein , as so many people people . an italian physicist came up with it . if you do n't believe me check any encyclopedia . einstein suceeded in taking everyone 's work and compiling it . this was helpful to the world of physics . unfortunately , this stuff is outdated , and autodynamics has disproven many things that einstein says in this book . when it came out it was already outdated . this was published in the 60s . autodynamics disproved what is in this book in the 40s ( 45 i believe ) . if this was published in the 20s or even the 30s , it would have been a good book 
software pos 734.txt its a good software , it works good and keep the computer safe from spam , virus , and some others malware , try it 
books neg 933.txt i certainly agree that portis is a talented writer , but i just did n't find him all that funny . perhaps i 'm missing something , but i thought that the characters were strange enough , not amusing , just strange . i was frustrated by the characters and the world that they inhabited . i forced myself to finish the book and i was rewarded by the one funny line in the whole book , which comes at the very end of the novel 
software neg 873.txt if you have used the online version in the past , stick with it . buying it on disk does not allow you to import data from previous returns if done on line and you can not upload to myturbotax . almost as if two separate companies ! plus the user interface on this software stinks bigtime . very hard to navigate back and forth . online version is actually better ( though i did n't try it this year ) . does intuit actually employ programmers or watch real users ? they spend far too much money on useless features like videos and not enough on simple ui issues 
music pos 44.txt wow , this album takes me back to the fall of ' 79 , around the same time as mj was taking over the world with his scorching solo debut " off the wall " ! ! both of these albums got heavy rotation on my turntable and were house party essentials when i was a 15 yr old kid spinning the hot joints of the day ! at this time , prince was still a virtual unknown to the mainstream , but to a hip urban audience comprised mostly of blacks , gays , and ultra-hip whites who really knew what time it was , this lp served as notice that a " new thang " was brewin ' in minneapolis that was going to take the pop world by storm in a few short years ! from the opening track , " i wanna be your lover " , his first big single ( gold ) to the rockin ' " why you wanna treat me so bad ? " , which also was a single and a true fan fave ! - - to " sexy dancer " which was sure to bring everybody to the dance floor and into a frenzy ! prince then cools down the mood with " when we 're dancing close and slow " , which is just beautiful with its sparse piano and acoustic 12-string guitar- -one of his many underrated slow jams of all time ! then side 2 opened with the pretty " with you " and into the scorching rockalistic ode to female bisexuality. . " bambi " , which still knocks me for a loop ! i 've had the pleasure of seeing him perform this song live twice down through the years. . once in 1980 during his " dirty mind tour " and again in 1992 during his " nude tour " while i was overseas ! - -awesome ! ! then there 's what i call " the great triplicate " ... " still waiting " ( another underrated slow classic ! ) , followed by what is to me , the definitive version of " i feel for you " ( no disrespect to the great chaka khan ! ) , followed by another underrated slow jam masterpiece " it 's gonna be lonely " , which still sends me today at 41 the same as it did when i first heard it at 15 ! this album was prince 's first platinum album , proving that he ( at only 22 ) was indeed a hitmaker and one to watch ! this album and the next one , " dirty mind " , served as a changing of the gaurd from the older established innovators of that day like stevie wonder , earth , wind & fire and parliament / funkadelic , etc. & is an essential if your collecting prince classics ! in fact , you ca n't go wrong with this kat between his debut , 1978 's " for you " to 1987 's " sign o ' the times " ...it just does n't get any better ! 
camera neg 476.txt i bought this camera in about february 2005 but did n't know enought about digital to know what i can actually get . goes through batteries pretty fast . the recharge time between pictures sometimes causes me to miss another good shot . takes way too much time between pressing shutter button and taking the picture . i just thought this was normal for digital cameras till i began reading later reviews . then i accidentally dropped the camera onto a soft surface ( loose dirt and sawdust ) and now the lens is stuck most of the way out and will not retract and camera will not come on . contacted hp to get it fix but will cost close to $100 and they will just send a reconditioned one . so i am in the market for another digital camera-maybe a canon or sony or something besides an hp 
dvd pos 472.txt there ca n't be a better storyteller than teddy ruxpin . as i child i was enthralled with this animated story and would impatiently play with my toy teddy ruxpin as i waited for saturday morning to come again so i could see another episode of the tv series . this show has a clear progression of plot development that starts right from episode one . so many cartoons are just one-shots , an individual small plot for each episode . teddy ruxpin was an epic adventure that caught you up and carried you along for a fantastic adventure ! along the way , kids learn important morals , values , and a lot about their own world . this is a fantastic cartoon to share with children of any age . and what a great price ! well worth it ! 
music neg 926.txt i never write reviews for anything , but this one was so bad , i could n't help myself . everybody has different tastes , but if you like music with any kind of structure or melody at all , you will not like belladonna . i could not make sense of it at all , it rambled on and on , never getting to the point , never picking a path , never building on a theme . it bored me with it 's vague attempts to build a song . i listened to it 2 times just to make sure i was n't imagining how bad it was , and then i dumped it . it was not my style , and i do n't see how it could be anybody 's style , but that 's just me . i felt obligated to voice my opinion and possible save somebody out there from being bitterly disappointed . good luck on your listing adventures 
music pos 9.txt relationships and drug use are major themes . this album starts off with two absolute killer tunes , lets down some but has a joy thoughout . i ca n't believe this is going to be his only album.....what a shame . from someone who has been listening to rock for a long time , i tell ya , this is a blast . pure fun . something you might want to give to someone you have broken up with as its full of a broken heart and the joy of being in love.....mostly rather quickly paced . one of my favorite albums of the 90s . more people should listen 
books neg 639.txt this book is perfunctory and extremely shallow . russell 's reductive reading of the tradition shows little insight . however , it is amusing at times , hence the star 
camera pos 699.txt bought as a gift for daughter in law . she loves it . seems to be an excellant entry level camcorder . enough bells and whistles to satisfy most without being excessively expensive . quality is good which is to be expected from jvc . operation is simple enough and picture quality even for jpeg internet quality stills is satisfactory . 
books pos 659.txt this book was & quot ; required reading&quot ; when i first started in the investment business 16 years ago - - it was a fabulous introduction to wall street and the stock market . i have recommended it many times over the years , and continue to do so 
software neg 838.txt this operating system was one of the most unsatisfactory i have ever used- -including dos , win 3.1 , windows 95 and windows 98. aside from being incompatible with older hardware , xp home edition crashes frequently-particularly if you like to work with several windows open at once . most important , the program is highly susceptible to viruses and hackers . preventing these two problems requires expensive add-on software and hardware . true enough , the built-in firewall ought to work . but in my case , hackers got in anyway . i had to hire an expensive data recovery guru-another story in itself . even reinstalling the program did not solve the problem . my computer was completely compromised . i was eventually forced to junk the machine . after my dreadful experience with xp home edition , i have sworn off windows forever . mac and linux are both far superior 
books pos 335.txt this book provides a good research methodology which covers the essential elements of starting and operating a small business from scratch . the author covers the operational and legal issues in clear english . there are references to another work entitled " businesses you can start almanac by adams " . typical new businesses cited by the adams work are : - traffic control consultants - therapeutics - technical writers who translate legalese or computerese into understandable english - personalized child books - systems integration - time management training - corporate training - nutrition consultant - standardized test preparation - manufacturers reps - mystery shoppers - freelance writers - government contract consulting - efficiency experts - outdoor adventures - noise control via dosimeters - herbal products distributors - greeting card senders - graphic designers and a plethora of others the book is a good reference guide for anyone contemplating the start of a small business 
dvd neg 116.txt the old dvd from 1997 looks better than the new hd version . i 've compared the two , and the first dvd had good color saturation , dark blacks and looked right with the heavy red and brown palette . the hd version has a blue-green haze covering everything and the picture is too bright . they also removed the film grain and made the image look smooth and creamy . the sound quality is better now , though , and the image of course is higher resolution . 
dvd neg 441.txt for the time period when this was made , this was an excellent movie . made you stop and think , " watch who you 're going to bed with " ! 
health pos 772.txt my hair is very wavy and frizzy , i have to condition my hair every day so it does n't look dry and damaged . 2 weeks ago i got my hair cut , the stylist used a sedu straightener on me . wow ! suddenly , my hair was stick straight and super glossy ( really brought out the natural highlights ) . i bought one from him for $199 ( should have checked the internet first ) . i 've tried a cheap flat iron before ; after wrestling with it for 40 minutes and pulling the heck out of my hair , all i got was slightly " pressed " hair . the sedu iron has super smooth ionic plates , so it glides through your hair very easily , quickly and smoothly . no more pulling of my hair . i can give myself smooth , gorgeous , in about 5 minutes . another plus is that the style will stay until the next time you wash your hair ; now i only have to straighten my hair every other day . sure , sedu is on the expensive side , but this salon-quality tool is more than worth it . look good and feel good every day ! 
health pos 381.txt i have a few minor quibbles with this razor , but it gives you a nice close , comfortable shave . and is n't that what we want in the end ? i do n't know anyone who buys one of these things for its " ergonomic design features . " it holds the charge for a good long time , and shaves your face nice . rinse it clean with running water and you 're done . that 's what i 'm looking for . the only things keeping me from a 5 star review is i 'm not yet comfortable with how the razor sounds when running . it seems like it 's always needing a charge...but that 's how it sounds at full charge . it will take some getting used to i guess..others might find the quiet running mode a plus . also , the monthly cleaning of the cutters / combs is a bit complicated . 
dvd pos 706.txt ...that you simply have to see , " mrs miniver " being one , a little known film dealing with a fictitious german invasion to a sweet english village , " went the day well ? " and this film . why so ? because all 3 were made at the start of the war ( early 40 's ) when england stood very much alone in the fight agaisnt hitler and aggresive facism . invasion fears were rife , the war effort looked hopeless at times as in europe , hitler opposing country after country fell to the german aggressors ( not to mention the rampage going on in africa at the hands of rommel aided by the italian forces under mussolini 's instruction ) . england 's small island identity stood alone and under threat and was bombed , starved and demoralised into feeling invasion could happen any day . it was quite possibly the darkest of times in english history and these three films capture the flavour of that dispondancy but equally the might of the will to survive and protect , with realistic perfection . in which we serve does this more personally as we know it is based in truth and the characters become dear and well rounded quite quickly , inspiring us to care about these folk from many walks of british life . for a modern audience it may seem a little over stoic and sentimental at times but place the emotion in context of the year it was made ( 1942 ) , and i guarantee you will view it an aching sense of fear and hope which was precisely coward 's plan . an absolute gem and a must see , i weep every time i watch it 
music pos 544.txt first off , to the above comments , while i thoroughly enjoyed your well articulated history lessons , and would be interested to read other history lessons from you , you have to realize that this story is not directly based off of the 300 spartans at thermopolye , but of the graphic novel . now this is not to say that it is historily accurate in some sense , but the movie is tuned more to the direction of the graphic novell itself . **** caution spoiler alert ***** besides that the soundtrack is amazing and it is always a joy to listen to a soundtrack that really captivates the real emotion of that particular scene , i especially enjoyed the music when they fight the " beasts " and it is really hard rock , and i especially loved the ending music when the entire spartan army is gathered and the one spartan is telling them to remember leonidas ( it is called remember us on the soundtrack ) . may we all find our own " glorius death 
camera neg 671.txt ok this is the third sony handycam i have owned and this is the most lacking in options..sony messed up with the usb port because if your looking for that one just spend the extra cash and get the trv 280 i had the 280 and it was stolen from me so i came on here and saw the trv 138 and i purchased it and was disapointed in the picture quality..its fuzzy. . im in the process of seeing if the seller will return this camera so i can get the trv280 back. . i hope this has helpe 
software pos 583.txt among the various offerings available , this is perhaps the most complete . each offerings has some unique capabilities that others do n't possess ; but if you want only one product this one gives you the closest match to a professional product that can be used by print shops 
software pos 913.txt well presented , easy to follow along , and easy to revisit previous lessons . videos and illustrated fretboard really help see and hear how the song should be played . not a lot of depth in the material but probably about the right level to maintain the attention of most students . some of the accompanyment / singing could be better but overall does a good job presenting the music so the student can practice along . some of the material / songs may not be to everyones liking , but again , these are okay for the beginner . the singing can be a slight destraction sometimes . i probably would n't recommend this to be the only source of learning guitar....and i do n't think most people buying it would think it 's all the will every need to become a great guitar player . i 'm sure a teacher would still be very advantageous especially when it comes to pointing out bad habits that may creep into the new students technique . i 'm trying to learn without a teacher as well and have found other music books very useful . bottom line ; this is a good product and provides a good start at learning to play the guitar . 
books pos 286.txt this is one of the best books i have ever read that captures the experience of visual impairment . it is beautifully written and very evocative . it will move those who are not visually impaired as well 
dvd neg 463.txt after i saw the first two " scary movies " i decided too see this movie . i thought the wayans brothers were the two writers , but i can see that i was wrong . this movie is a spoof with no plot and no good jokes . i could hardly understand anything in this movie at all without giving my self a headache ! i myself , a teen , which this movie appealed too did not find this funny . i do n't know why teens like this movie so much . -ben russell 
books pos 485.txt this book covers everything you 'll need to know about making model scenery . that being said , the material presented may seem a little overwhelming and difficult to a novice , however , with some trial and error , you 'll eventually get it righ 
camera pos 650.txt very clear , bright day , strong magnification quality seems to be good . very well priced at around $100.00.i will know more over the passage of time .my firstimpression is good mj schra 
books neg 998.txt this book is a place to start at best . the main part of middle eastern cook that i find enjoyable is the use of fresh produce and spices . this book calls for dried spices at times . the dishes do n't produce the food that i remember eating growing up with my family . the book is not a total loss , however . the spinach pies are acceptable . there are many other books out there that i would recommend first 
health pos 603.txt my kids love this it fades right into the next color they fall right to sleep watching it change its an awesome light i was very pleased and its not to bright like some light up the room its just perfect mom of a 3 and 5 yr old ! ! 
books neg 709.txt the book starts off ok with a good introduction of the various api 's and is ok reading up untill chapter 6 " programming linux audio " . this is where the book fails terribly . none of the audio samples will compile and the information about openal is just plain wrong . first the function used to open a wav file is no the corerct function to use for linux . the author uses the win32 version . this is just the start of the openal errors . minus one star ! second the book 's two websites ( one of which no longer exists ( loki ) ) contains no errata and no way to contact the author . the only information is avalible is a zip file of the books sample files ( which do not compile of course ) . minus two stars ! ohter things about the book that did not work for me was the fact that the author uses c instead of c++. while c is still used for game development , most programmers are attempting to migrate to c++ and ood . books released about 1950 should reflect that ! second the author uses tcl as a game scripting engine . while i can agree to a point ( based on the fact of the easy of implementation ) the author should have used a common scripting engine such as lua . ( although the author does mention at the end of the book that tcl was proably a bad idea . third the author should have introduced autoconf very early in the book instead of waiting untill chapter 10. the main thing that i liked about the book was the good intro to programming with linux in general . the topics of linux debugging and makefiles i thought was good ( assuming you have experince in these areas on other platfoms ) . also the coverage of sdl was a pretty good intro . 
camera neg 918.txt i purchased this case for my dscs90. i hate it ! it is only big enough to hold the camera and nothing else . there is no handle to the case , in fact the case only has zippers and you are suppose to use the strap from the camera itself for the handle . the zippers do not stay in place and the camera can easily fall out of the case so i do n't recommend doing this . look for a better case for your new camera . 
camera neg 876.txt i bought a sony icd-mx20 digital voice recorder a week ago . i was surprised that sony does not provide downloads of the associated software named " digital voice editor " . sony customer service staff told me that if you lost the cd that came with the box , you had to buy a new one . only patches of the software are available to download . the customer service personnel told me that it was corporate policy despite the fact that the software is bound to the digital device . this immoral policy violating the norm of digital appliance industries and should not be encouraged . sony is demoting its brand name by offering poor post-sales services . think twice before making your buying decision . 
books neg 908.txt ' introducing postmodernism ' is a good source to gather names of philosophers , architects , artists , anthropologists , linguists , and everyone in between that have been somehow connected to pm . the problem , and it is a big one , is that this style of tour de force writing does little to contextualize all these diverse disciplines . sure , if you only have half an hour to read up on pm , you can whip through this book and go on with your life . but if you 're wanting to really absorb the phenomenon , and perhaps go on to read more , this book is not the place to start . check out david harvey 's ' condition of postmodernism . ' this will rip the top of your head clean off ! it 's much more weighty ( in every sense of the word ) , but your understanding of pm will vastly improve , and will better prepare you to go on to other important writers of the ' genre ' 
health neg 977.txt i bought a pack of 3 and used twice daily in the shower to try and clear my oily skin problems . this product left my skin dry and sometimes peeling . did not work for me , but it might work for you 
health neg 676.txt it 's a handy mirror for the price but if your looking for a good vanity mirror , i suggest looking for something larger with a higher magnification . the light is not great at all . it 's very dim . one of the good qualities of the mirror is that it 's cordless and comes with an adapter if you do n't have batteries handy 
camera neg 27.txt i was expecting much more from this flash , i already started looking for the better one . if i knew this was a closeout item i 'd never buy it . it died on me with no indication , sent to canon fixed and returned with a big scratch on it . now it does work but sometings wrong with recycle time even with brand new duracell batteries.. . save money and buy 5xx series flash. . 
books pos 957.txt i read this book even before it was assigned to my undergrad psychology class - - and then i read it again , and enjoyed it both times . de wall does protest too much - - he 's clearly answering his critics throughout - - but i found his curmudgeonly outbursts amusing . more importantly , de wall 's arguments for the existence of culture in animals are persuasive ( not that i needed much persuading ) , and his use of anecdotes keep the book entertaining . i 'm looking at my pet pooches in a whole new way these days 
music pos 350.txt there is a reason why styx was the first musical act to have 4 triple platinum albums in row ! find out why . they are a unique band , with their own uncatagorizable style and sound . not hard rock , but can rock . not pop , but catchy melodies and great three part harmony . not art rock , but themed concepts in their writing and dramatic tempo changes and crescendos in their music . it is probably true that lady was the first power ballad , though styx was not credited for it . lady paved the way for other rock bands to showcase their softer sides . perhaps styx was not always successful in their attempts , but they took chances artistically and musically and should be given props for doing so . every song on this cd is great ; however the two that stand out for me are too much time on my hands and suite madame blue . most people who have spent time in neighborhood bar will would likely agree that too much time on my hands is witty , funny , and true . suite madame blue a song which is a metaphor for the united states is simply one of the greatest rock songs ever ! ! the lyrics of suite madame blue are as powerful as the music , and this song contains all the elements which made styx great 
dvd pos 773.txt war exposed some violence simmering within one gulf war veteran . christian bale is electrifying as jim , a tough-minded ex-ranger whose brutal nature did n't subside after his return home to la . they say war changes a man . this might be evident here , but it feels more like the fighting only unleashed the demons inside of jim . along with his buddy mike ( freddy rodriguez ) , the two tear through the town , bingeing on drugs and alcohol . their is no deep plot here , just a couple of ruffians going around town looking for jobs . but it is a great character study , watching jim self-destruct . bale is great in this type of role , like he was in american psycho or the machinist . i liked this movie much more than training day , which this director previously wrote the screenplay for 
music neg 549.txt most people seem to like the soundtrack from " glory " , but this fact does not necessarily make " glory " a great , or even good soundtrack...most people also like the food served atmacdonald 's , but no intelligent person would argue in favor of thier menu as being good or great based on numbers...it is something to put in one 's mouth whenever nothing better is available and one is hungry...the same might be said regarding " glory " ...if one 's tastes run to choir music , almost any gregorian chant album is head and shoulders above the insipid choir music to be found here...as for the themes , they are commonplace variations , often bootlegged from other scores by the same composer , or new work that the composer later bootlegged into other scores , so , all in all , the effort plays rather like a buffet offering at a cheap , " homestyle " diner...the film , on the other hand , was well done , and , apparently , from reading many of the other reviews here , the unwarranted praise owes more to satisfaction with the film itself , rather than very much stand-alone praise for the score.horner has written a lot of really , really beautiful and original scores , but perhaps because most of his best efforts have been for small or little-noticed movies these have not been recognised for thier greatness...so , in sum , we are left with a very popular film , provided with a very mundane score by an award winning composer 
music pos 558.txt i hesitated for so long to get this . having followed moby 's rise since circa 1994 it has been amazing to watch what an impact he has had on music and on various cultural media over the years . i like his early techno / rave stuff and have enjoyed the gift he has for using electronica to score some beautiful and haunting hymns . but i wondered : has moby gone soft ? has he sold out ? i was pleasantly surprised . look at the cover and add rain . that 's the overall mood of this album . i find rain to be cleansing on many levels , often building a mood of pensiveness , reflection and a fragile peacefulness . there is a glorious melancholy in the music , the lyrics and the singing on the album . take the chilled out moments from moby 's other albums and build on it . that 's what he 's done here . almost every song has singing - primarily moby 's longing , almost cyring , voice - and almost every song is for those rainy nights , when the world does n't make sense , when longing for companionship and understanding burdens the heart , yet with a subtle hope underneath it all . it 's downtempo , mellow , moody and sometimes sad . but it is beautiful . do n't expect " old " moby , do n't look for the commercial jingles of play . just put it on and listen 
books neg 459.txt ive read many endtimes outlines . tcp isnt any good . go to fortbethel.com under books for much better guides . tcp put me to sleep 
books neg 378.txt this book is out of rint for one reason , it is terrible . i am no lover of big companies but the author is so biased in this book it is hard to believe anything she says . she blames p&amp ; g for the destruction of the environment , mistreating employees , the role of women in society and racism . p&amp ; g has done many things wrong , most big companies have , but it is not the cause of the fall of western society 
dvd pos 138.txt this is an essential collection for every al pacino fan . in carlitos way and scarface he does one of his best work ever . then there is the performance that gave him his only oscar so far in a scent of a woman . if you enjoy really good films with a good script and cast you should buy the al pacino collection 
music neg 943.txt this cd was devoid of any of govi 's usual emotional imprint or soaring guitar work . frankly , it was just a bunch of new age background noise that one would hear on elevators . some of the craig chaquico-style stuff was interesting , but better left to craig . try 7th heaven , mosaico or guitar odyssey instead 
camera pos 89.txt this lens has gotten some bad reviews , i think , partly because it is starting to show it 's age . this was the first usm is lens , and the technology has really grown since then . if canon were to come along with an updated 75-300 usm is lens , man , it would blow everything away . that being said , yes , this lens is a little slow to focus . but , if you are not using it for work like one of the professional sports photographers you see on the sidelines at baseball games , you should be okay . it also could use an extra stop ( or two , or three ! ) because when you are handholding , you need that aperture to be as open as it can be . all of this aside , i really have gotten some gems of pictures out of this lens . it lets you get as closer then you possibly could hope for . if you have asteady hand and plently of availible light , you can get some really nice shots . if you are in a low light situation.. . you will need a tripod . the is of lens works.. . pretty good , but i have had a number of ever so slightly blurry pictures that would n't have been had there been some more aperature room to play with . all in all , its a good starter telephoto lens , especially for digital slrs since it really extends the zoom on those . its great for the price , and when you decide to upgrade to one of those white canon l beauties , just sell it 
music pos 84.txt it tiptoes through the years and delivers the punch , but as i wrote in my review , i never thought shangri la was going to be the last , though it appears just that . but all in the suit , man , they did that after shangri la de and i wonder , if this was the direction to come , my god ! ! ! ! it 's worth it for that track alone. . 5 stars is my own way of saying thank you , but it is not just sentimental , the only album in the short career that was n't great was tiny music , but the quote " trippin " made up for it . it 's a shame it 's over . i do n't like revolver , it 's not evolution for weiland and i ca n't imagine him being happy there , it steps back and all i ever hoped was that someday this band , stp , would reign supreme and been given the praise and adulation they deserve . all i can do is give stars , but i would rather buy another stp album or go see them live...is rock dead ? i think it is and it went with this band 
books neg 295.txt no one alive today cares that ny had fires in 1741 ( unlike the chicago fire of 1871 ) . why did author lepore choose to bring up this terrible racial incident . is she trying to create trouble ? be a traitor to her own race ? book is well researched i guess but the racial subject matter stinks and was unnecessary to bring up ! totally unnecessary ! 
dvd neg 825.txt not what i expected when renting this movie . as others have said clarissa came off too pure and innocent . futhermore , i do n't understand why such a viriginal woman would run off to be with one of the most horrid men in the world ? everyone knows what lovelace has done..there are numerous accounts . yet she goes with him anyway ? blah . the acting was ok . the costumes were excellent ( i love period movies ) but the plot dragged and dragged and dragged . and as another put it , i was very glad when clarissa kicked the bucket . i read a lot of historical fiction , classic novels and love period movies , but there was no liking this one . it just couldnt be done 
books neg 608.txt i admit that i tried to read this twice and failed both times . i got to around page 20 or so . i 'll probably try again . however , if you 're an adult who has already read other philosophies i would suggest attempting to read it just so you 'll know what objectivism is about . i would n't suggest it for teens that have n't had any prior readings , though . objectivism is about the self and about " reason " , and it can be heady stuff for someone who has no real experience in anything else . the strange thing about the tone of the writing is that it comes across as venomous . i assume that 's in my head , but judge for yourself . her caricatures of " the witch doctor " ( who controls others from a spiritual perspective ) and " attila " ( who controls by brute force ) are actually interesting . wrong , but interesting . since objectivists rely on reason alone for their survival ( or think they do , anyway ) , it 's rather surprising the lack of logical thinking early in the book . my suggestion is to attempt to read it without dismissing her out of hand ( she 's not wrong on everything ) , or swallowing it all without using your own critical thinking skills . judging by previous reviews , it seems there were plenty of both kinds of readers . if you buy into it , you can get a feeling of superiority over others in a kind of pseudo-intellectual way . if you do n't buy into it , however , you 're evil ( either the witch doctor or attila ) and probably just too stupid to " get it " . why i did n't finish it yet.. . i just could n't get past her ignorance of history , frankly . if you 're writing a work of fiction , the historical innacuracies do n't matter , but this is n't supposed to be fiction . i like history and most people do n't , so it probably wo n't bother most people . also , while she denounces religion , ms. rand has no problem hopping up to the pulpit herself . like all other religions and cults , the world is messed up basically because people do n't think like she does . 
books pos 667.txt most people will say that episode one is their least favorite of all the star wars films . but john williams composure for this one is second only to the empire strikes back for the entire star wars trilogy . this extended version is a must have , it contains all the music from the movie . the entire fight scene at the end of the movie is included and its wonderful to listen to . i wish somoone would do the rest of the prequel trilogy like this cd . a must have 
software pos 797.txt there have been enough changes for the better to make this product well worth the purchase , installation , & learning curve 
software pos 622.txt i am a user of acronis backup and very satisfied with it and was hoping that the disk director would be the same however it is a little more complicated to use , i partitioned a drive then wanted to convert back and have not yet be able to do so , i know that you can but just have n't found out how yet , it could have been made a little more simplier to use 
music neg 410.txt i wo n't go into a long diatribe . suffice it to say that when i listened to this upon its release earlier this year , i was disappointed . i gave it a few more close listens and find that the musical quality is not great . this is more a photo of dylan as a free-spirit . there 's a point where baez messes up a song . ( i do n't have anything against baez . that being said , i do n't have much for her either . ) there 's joking and laughing , but really , i do n't need a double-disk of acoustic material that seems to be performed by someone who sounds like he 'd rather be in the audience than performing . you can almost sense why dylan went electric in this concert . the bootlegs prior to this are superior and i would suggest that if you are n't a die-hard dylan fan to stick with them . if you really like dylan 's acoustic work and not his electric stuff , you should be pleased with this double-disc . i love dylan , but not enough to enjoy this over and over again . i 'll go to disk one of the 4th bootleg for my acoustic fix 
books neg 242.txt i know that as a wolf-lover i am a bit biased , but i would still like to say that this book is stupid and incorrect . you see , in this story , three children are left alone . a wolf disguised as their grandmother tricks them into letting him in , because he wants to eat them . unfortunately , that 's where this seemingly charming book starts going downhill . this is just another stupid book that , summed up , says " wolves are evil , ugly beasts who attack people ! ! we have to kill them all before they gorge themselves on our children ! " yep , the wolf is depicted as evil in this book . why could n't they make it something that actually hurts people , like a bear or a mountain lion ? ignorance , that 's why . the wolf is also depicted as stupid and easy to trick in this book . see , near the end , the children try to trick the wolf by telling him he can become immortal by eating gingko nuts . they plan on luring him into their trap , to get rid of him . the wolf instantly falls for it , which is lame . wolves are among the most intelligent and perceptive animals on earth ! it 's practically traditional to make children 's books with wolves as villains , and the chinese seem to loath wolves , but this book crosses the line . do n't let your kids read it unless you want them to think wolves are savage , stupid , man-eating beasts . if they already think so , you 'd be neglecting mankind 's need to know things even more by letting them read it . in other words , it 's a terrible book . 
music pos 211.txt as he did with " parade " , the soundtrack to his last vanity project " under the cherry moon " , prince provides a musically invigorating soundtrack to " graffiti bridge " , which is a hopelessly silly film . no matter . " graffiti bridge " , prince 's first album of the 90 's , is also one of prince 's best albums of the 90's . " new power generation " serves as the title track to prince 's new band , and it 's a powerful , funky manifesto . " the question of u " is exotic and intoxicating . " elephants and flowers " is an upbeat song about spiritual redemption , whereas " tick tick bang " is prince at his most joyously raunchy . although most of prince 's material is exceptionally strong here , the collaborations and contributions by other artists are a mixed bag . " we can funk " is a simmering duet between prince and funkmaster george clinton , and tevin campbell provides some youthful exuberance to " round and round " . but the tracks by the time mostly fall flat . i 've personally always found morris day to be a one-trick pony with his effete pimp routine , and his one trick gets boring quickly . it 's obvious that with " graffiti bridge " prince is trying to create the feel and atmosphere of a funky block party . but i ca n't help but wonder , without the tracks featuring other artists , if " graffiti bridge " would n't be more highly regarded as one of prince 's better albums 
health neg 361.txt i really dun know if i was expecting too much out of this machine...but its not really that great...there are just one or two sounds that u may like..like the running stream , heartbeat , tropical forest etc..the rest of them like the ocean waves , rainfall...thunderstorm...white noice...etc pretty much dont let u sleep...also someone complained here about the alarm...what alarm ? ? ? ? ? thats a different model which is about $20...this one is just the sounds....which sound artificial...if u are expecting a more natural sound...move on...this one is more like a radio with too much static ! 
books neg 733.txt this poorly executed story drags on for too long while the town waits for the return of sister north . in the end , we really do n't care if she ever returns . the ending is cliched and predictable . a waste of time 
books pos 399.txt i found both volumes of ms. cook 's books fascinating . i could not wait to return to them . i learned a lot about eleanor and the time in which she lived . i will buy copies of both for all my children and suggest that my grands read them as well . 
health neg 365.txt and i am not just talking about weight loss products . i took one pill....one pill ! within a few minutes , i was curled up around the toilet crying because i needed to throw up so badly but i couldn't . i had n't drunk anything but one glass of water with it , and yet , i was peeing all day . i was nauseus....my fiancee stayed home with me all day to take care of me . i did n't want to move , but i would have to go to the bathroom to pee , and would carry around a trash can with me just in case i finally could throw up . i would not wish these symptoms on anyone , not even my worst enemy . that was probably the worst sickness i have ever had 
music pos 218.txt i love this album , the best of phil collins . i believe every great artist always delivers their best stuff when they are in a rut . i know he wrote some of the songs on this album bases on his bad times / suffering with his ex wife . he did not realize how much pain she was in and the mood and moment is captured very well . he is a great composer . too bad most of his new songs...2006 , times are different and so is his life , i do not enjoy them as much . once an artist becomes more self-actualized much of their best work becomes just that a memory . 
health neg 566.txt the amount of time resulted in minimal results- -i was very disappointed 
camera neg 9.txt i paid extra for air next day service . item was advertised as available and ready to ship immediately . item eventually arrived two weeks later . i had left for a trip . item was eventually sent back to merchant . merchant did n't credit me for item returned . i had to email merchant and wait for another 2 weeks before item was credited . i wo n't buy from willoughby 's again 
books pos 646.txt we love this book ! we have made many of the recipes that have all tasted great and are healthy . we also gave it to everyone for christmas and they all love the recipes too 
dvd pos 453.txt i enjoyed francis veber 's ' the closet ' - released in france in 2001 - for two reasons . first , it features an all-star ensemble of french acting , certainly a tribute to veber 's skill as a director . just take a gander at the first six names to appear on the imdb credits : daniel auteuil .... franois pignon grard depardieu .... flix santini thierry lhermitte .... guillaume michle laroque .... mlle bertrand michel aumont .... belone , the neighbour jean rochefort .... kopel , the director imagine a movie where the great jean rochefort gets slotted sixth . each of these six stars can carry a movie in france on their own back . the fact that the group has teamed here is a testament to veber 's reputation . his previous release , 1998 's ' the dinner game , ' was lauded far and wide as a comedic masterpiece . actors get attracted to that type of skill . the second reason i got a kick out of watching ' the closet' : i just learned that ' bend it like beckham ' writing partners gurinder chadha and paul mayeda berges are prepping a uk re-make for the screen for a targeted 2006 release , with chadha at the helm . her keen eye for comedy tinged with poignancy was confirmed by beckham 's runaway success , so i feel like i 'm in on a really great secret knowing she 's working on a re-make . 
software neg 688.txt normally i might wait to install a new software upgrade , but i just got a new laptop and thought it would be best to use office 2007 with the new vista operating system . i was wrong . you would expect that a multi-billion dollar company like microsoft could put out a powerful and bug-free piece of software . but after a month of using office 2007 , you get the distinct impression that this software is not ready for public release . microsoft should be ashamed . i do n't know the root cause of my problems , but i have to stress that i am running a clean install of office 2007 on vista , so there should n't be any software conflicts or issues . so what are my issues ? the list is long : - - my biggest concern is that ms word constantly hangs and stalls . it can making editing a document very painful . i suspect the problem is when i put images or visio diagrams into a document . but that is something the old ms word was able to do without an issue . oddly , if i have a colleague open the document and save it out in word 2003 , the problem goes away ! what ? ! it 's killing my productivity . - - when ever i cut and paste from an old document , word hangs for 15 to 20 seconds . and often the formatting and margins in my new document go haywire . i keep having to spend a ton of time fixing things . this never happened in the old word . this is another time killer . - - every few days , outlook 2007 starts telling me that it cannot display my email folders . uh oh ! i have to completely restart my computer to see my email again . - - outlook 2007 breaks many graphic emails that people send - - they look like a mess . it is because outlook 2007 does not render html correctly since it uses the word engine , not internet explorer to display email . i have no idea why microsoft did this , but they have got to fix it . - - many of the issues in the old word 2003 still have n't been fixed . if you place an image , it can often be hard to get it to appear correctly . why ca n't they solve this one ? - - while most office programs have the new ribbon interface ( which i like ) , some programs like visio 2007 do not . so you have to remember how to use two interfaces . could n't microsoft find the time and money to update all its programs ? give me a break . - - on a few occassions in visio 2007 , my files have failed to save correctly . at first i thought this must have been my fault , but it 's happened to me a few times and ca n't be a coincidence . a few times i 've gotten an error message and lost my work . ug. - - word and excel 2007 use a completely new file format . so anyone you send a document to has to have 2007 installed ( which is n't likely the case ) . to get around this , you can save it down to a 2003 file format , but then you end up with two files on your hard drive - - one in the new format and one in the old format . what a pain ! also , there definitely seems to be an issue with office 2007 opening older office 2003 files . could be the cause of many of my problems , but there is no way i can avoid using old files . they should have worked harder on compatibility . there are good things about the new 2007. i do like the new interface design and the new features in outlook 2007 are amazing for organizing tasks and sharing your calendar . but i do n't think it 's fair that microsoft released a product so full of serious , serious bugs that have cost me hours and hours of extra work . i did n't spend hundreds of dollars on a beta product and do n't think the public should have to suffer . surely they can afford to do better ! new addition to my review : today i discovered that i can no longer paste excel charts into word like i used to . when i try , the chart goes in , but any bars / lines disappear . 
dvd pos 811.txt i found this movie delightful- -from the storyline , directing and photography to the actors ! i especially loved the performances of timothy bottoms and chloris leachman ! it 's an enlightening movie that makes an important point : sometimes what we think we want is not really what we want at all 
dvd pos 411.txt crackerjack courtroom trial drama based on a true story of three australian soldiers in the boer war accused of killing prisoners and a dutch minister . the british command is obviously using the three as scapegoats to convince the germans , who seem eager to join the war on the side of the boers , to stay out . the men claim they were only following orders , orders which went against " normal " military practice . this is a new type of warfare : the boers fought as guerrillas , not in uniform , not by " the rules . " the australians on trial felt they were engaging them on those terms . the morality of war itself , therefore , is just as much on trial as these men . they all lose in the end . the trial scenes are well paced , and the use of flashback creates just the right amount of tension . also there are enough shady gray areas to keep the proceedings interesting . well worth a watch 
dvd pos 656.txt great movie for all ages . our family realy enjoyed this movie . highly recomend 
books neg 467.txt i picked this up because it 's considered a classic and i knew it had been made into a movie . i tend to think that if a book is made into a movie , then the book must be pretty good . not so with howard 's end. the plot in howard 's end does n't progress much outside of an early death and later marraige . you have to have some interest in the characters , but they just were n't very believeable . none of characters convinced me that they could be people from the real world . i kept waiting for someone to say anything that might border on being interesting , but everyone babbles on and on about nothing of any substance . the story is clearly dated and does n't hold up well so many years later . living in today 's world , it 's hard to understand what attracted margaret to henry . there definately is an audience for this book . i 'm just not a part of it 
books neg 226.txt flynn offers up a fast-paced , if unbelievable story . unfortunately , character development is paper thin and clearly portrays flynn 's political preferences . characters , like rapp , with a military background are guided by clearly defined ethical principles , have all the answers and are always showing those good-for-nothing politicians how the " real world " works . meanwhile , flynn 's politicians ( the majority of whom are democrats ) seem only concerned with public opinion and the next election . while there are grains of truth in his characters , flynn consistently goes for the cheap , partisan stereotype . i was looking for a well-developed political / military thriller . i 'm still looking . 
music neg 218.txt i love his voice , but the arrangements are way too complex and stilted . there are about 12 key changes in every song . the melodies are buried so far beneath his reinterpretations that one can barely recognize the songs . i feel these affectations detract from the songs . while his vocal gymnastics are very impressive , the result just is n't enjoyable to listen to ( unless you are a voice student or professional singer ) 
camera pos 500.txt it is a great camera , very small and gives very good photos in most circumstances . grainy pic in dim light . go to the casio website to download the new firmware for 4gb sd card compatibility . you will get over 1500 high res photos with a 4 gb card , where outpost is selling for 5o dollars a car 
software neg 190.txt this roxio software has caused me the most bizarre and frustrating experience ever . first , it does n't work . second , i cannot obtain any support from roxio to find out why . they wo n't give support until you register , the only way to register is to follow a web link that comes with the software , and it takes you to a website that either does n't exist , or is always down . thus , it turns out to be a complete waste of money , not to mention several hours of time . run , do n't walk away from this software and this company 
dvd neg 425.txt spongebob 's house party hall moniter i had an accident valentine 's day just one bite mermaidman and barnacleboy tea at the treedome the paper born again krab 
camera neg 628.txt not too long after i purchased this camera the screen turned white when i turned it on . i would turn it off and on and nothing would help . finally i would take the batteries out and put them back in . this seemed to fix the problem a few times . after that i thought it was just operator error . but it wasn't . the camera finally gave out and the white screen never went away . so after being annoyed i left the camera alone for awhile . an event came up about a month later . i got my camera and tried to turn it on . nothing happened . so i changed the batteries . still nothing happened . i 'm not sure what happened . i do believe i purchased a lemon camera . i 'm hoping to resolve these issues with samsung . it was one of the cheapest cameras on the market at the time . so i guess you get what you pay for ! 
music pos 96.txt i recently saw them in san francisco just like one of the other reviewers , and i thought it was astonishing . i know a lot of people got mad cause they didnt move around or anything , i mean it could n't be because they were trying to concentrate or anything like that ! the great thing about this album is that all the instruments standout at the same time . farina ( the lead singer ) has calmed down after the last couple of albums and often times speaks his lyrics in a soft and heartfelt way that make you wish you could get into a conversation with him right then and there.and his guitar playing has even matures after the bed is in the ocean . the drummer just flat out rocks . his punctuality is a lot of the reason why these guys are so tight . the bass speaks just as well as the guitar does and sometimes takes over as the guitar holds it together and the bassist go off on his own little excursion . well , if you have a problem with a band not rocking out , i dont know what to tell you . it is jazzy , but let me be the one to tell you this is the best jazz i 've heard . i think this is the only path they could of taken . you got to evolve . sometimes that cant always be a good thing but in this case , karate is the exception . love this 
camera pos 796.txt i have had this camera for about six months and i still find new features to play with . one of my favorite mode is the sequence shots . i love its sleek design and its durable shell . i carry the camera in my back pocket , even in my tightest jeans . this is a great camera 
camera pos 116.txt it was everything it advertised as being . i can carry my digital camera and lenses as well as two point and shoot digital cameras . being a slingshot backpack , my back does n't moan and groan as it did with other camera bags . i like the feature of swinging the bag to the front and to get my cameras with out removing the backpack 
dvd neg 203.txt i only gave this movie one star because it is against amazon 's rules to give it no stars . after hearing that this was a christian movie , i could not wait to watch it . however , this movie has nothing in common with christianity , quite the contrary , this is the most anti-christian movie that i have ever seen ; it promotes murder and other unsurpassable evil . the movie started out horribly and just continued to get worse . for instance , the beginning of the movie was shockingly pornographic . in a supposedly " christian " movie i did not expect to be bombarded with this . after seeing this i did not expect that the movie could possibly get worse . however , i was greatly mistaken . later in the movie the main character , who was remarkably unsympathetic , met several of her christian co-workers who were talking about something they called " the pearl dream . " intrigued , the main character asked them what this dream was . of course , they were unable to answer because it is complete nonsense . none the less , the main character continues to review what her co-workers have told her about christianity over the years . as the movie plods along , generally confusing and boring the viewer , she comes to the decision to give up her sinful lifestyle and turn to god . when this event transpired i assumed , wrongly , that from this point forward the film would redeem its beginning and maybe even say something good about christianity . this , however , is where the movie went form being merely bad to astoundingly sacrilegious . then , the main character and her young daughter set out for the desert . due to a vague dream , they believed that this was god 's will and that he would appear in the desert and take them to heaven , in other words " rapture " them . how they came to this assumption i was never quite sure . the movie often made ludicrous statements which never made the slightest amount of sense . i became extremely weary trying to deduce what was happening . nothing that took place in this movie was remotely biblical nor was it well explained . as time passed our characters continued to sit in the desert , boring the viewer to tears . they begin to suspect that god was not coming to gather them to heaven and they started to despair . this is where the movie became intolerably anti-christian ; the mother took her daughter up to a mountain and asked her to kneel . she then forced her daughter to pray . after the prayer was concluded she took a gun from her dress and shot her crying daughter , supposedly to send her to heaven . she " believes " that she is doing god 's will . obviously , she was such an idiot that she failed to read that the bible that strictly forbids murder . afterwards , she is sent to prison , where we hope to see her suffer for her cruel , viscous , and insurmountably stupid act . as she is sitting in her cell , blaming god for the murder of her daughter , that she willingly committed ( if she had half a brain cell she would have realized that she was doing satan 's will , not god 's ) , she hears trumpets and the cell walls start to fall in . a few scenes pass , in which the ghost of her daughter returns and tries to redeem her faith . she , however , refuses . then , she is taken to a dark room , that the viewer is supposed to believe is some supernatural place where judgment takes place , and asks if she loves god . she replies no , because she blames him for her insanity . the film concludes with her standing stupidly in a dark room , that failed to represent eternity . most of the aspects included in the film were never explained . such as the significance of " the pearl dream . " nor was it explained why they believed that they needed to wait in the desert . how did they contrive this ridiculous idea from a vague , ambiguous , and utterly vapid dream anyway ? none of these questions were ever answered . this caused the film to feel incomplete . the stories between scenes shifted so drastically that i suspected i had missed several important scenes . after checking my dvd i realized that i had not accidentally skipped crucial scenes , because their were none . this film was deliberately ambiguous and vapid . also , the special effects , cinematography , and acting were about as good as a preschool play . none of the actors put any emotion into their roles . they recited their lines like drugged zombies ; i suppose even they realized it was complete rubbish and decided not to put much effort into it . to state the obvious , this film is a disgrace ! obviously , it is not biblically based . it does not represent christian philosophy which is to love others , not to wander around aimlessly in the desert acting like a fool . nor do christians promote murder , as this film implied . this movie has as much religious value as night of the blind nazi zombies . i am ashamed to see that such a complete travesty is labeled a christian film . this film is extremely anti-christian ; its main objective is to give the world the false impression that fundamentalist christians are brainwashed and are incapable of sane thoughts . this is not true , and yes , i can prove it . all the proof that you need is contained in the bible . if you stop hardening your heart and truly listen with an open mind then you cannot help but to see jesus loving message for the world . he does not desire to bring misery to the world , but happiness and love . the reason that there is misery in the world is because people , like those who made this film , disobey god . if we followed his loving rules then we would not suffer . i do not write this rather long review out of hatred , as i am sure many will accuse me of . i write this to warn people what this movie is really about . it is not a true christian movie like the left behind 's and the passion of the christ . and , yes i am aware that i will be bombarded by a slough of negative votes . however , i do not even faintly care . my beliefs , as a fundamentalist christian and my love of god is more important to me than a number on a page . also , i was shocked to read the other reviews on this forum , especially the one from the wiccan woman who said that she wished to see christians thrown to the lions as they were in the time of the romans . i have seen a lot of hatred in my life but her review was by far the worst i have ever see . christians love the world and those in it , we do not tell non-christians about christ to imply that we are " holier than thou " because we are not . all are equal under god 's eyes . we are all sinners and the only way to attain redemption is to accept god 's undeserved grace . we tell other people about god 's undeserved love because we want to save them and see them living in eternal joy in heaven . we do not rejoice to see people unsaved , we tell them about their condition because we want to see them saved . in other words , we tell people because we love them . also , for those of you who accuse christians of having a hatred of the world , why do you spew hatred in everything you say toward christians ? are n't you displaying the hatred that you claim you abhor ? in conclusion , this is the worst movie ever made . it is anti-christian , immensely sacrilegious , poorly acted , poorly written , vapid , mind numbingly dull , disjointed , tortuously long , etc. in short , this film is an abomination . it is massively offensive to christians and is a massive misrepresentation of christian values . also , the acting is abysmal and the story line hopelessly confusing . if you wish to watch a film that accurately portrays christian values then i recommend watch " the passion of the christ " or the left behind movies . i hope that this review will help you ; it was written with love and concern . i shall keep you in my prayers . have a wonderful new year . in christ , ravenova also recommended : the left behind and the ravenloft book series 
software neg 8.txt imagine that you know so little about a computer that you would n't even be here reading this review . these discs are for your grandmother who still has the corded , dial , yellow wall phone . if you are a recent ( one hour ago ) immigrant from a sixth world country , and you need to forward the " burger king christmas song " , well , then you 're already ahead of these " learning " cds . ( my apologies to grandmothers with corded , dial , yellow wall phones ) . ( actually , i kinda wish i had one ! ) regards , older but no smarter 
dvd neg 681.txt i really like bruce campbell and his movies like army of darkness . but this movie is not in the same league . first of all the plot is slow and boring . bruce does not have the same rouge character that he is so good at . instead the movie is filled with frankly depressing scenes of him in bed or limping around barely able to move . this really hampers the action aspects of the movie . the dialogue aspect is not much better . if you like bruce , my advise is to get his other movies or try to get a hold of the tv episodes of " jack of all trades " episodes . it is a lot more fun and has the " real " bruce 
music neg 228.txt just listening to the samples of this new remix of " gold:35th anniversary edition ~ the carpenters " i found it to be in my opinion sadly remixed very badly . certainly not a tribute to the excellent talent of karen carpenter and richard as well . i wonder what richard was thinking when he remixed these songs ? as another review noticed and i agree with , is the bass on some is so loud it almost drowns out the pure excellence of karen 's deep resounding truly perfect voice . this is not a cd you want to get if you really want to appreciate the true pure sound of the carpenters . the older cds ( if still in production or if you can find them used ) " carpenters classics 25th anniversary " a 2 cd disc 98:04 minute collection remastered digitally , is a much better pick . especially for those who remember the carpenters when karen was still alive and the original arrangements were nothing to mess with . the other cd 's worth finding of the carpendters especially if you like the talent of karen 's deep resounding perfect voice , would be the cd " voice of the heart " this is a hautingly beautiful collection of love songs by karen who lets each song touch your heart and soul making you feel as if you were right there as she sings each song . the other one i would highly recommend , if christmas is your holiday , would be " carpenters christmas portrait " ... " special edition digital version....celebrating 70 continuious minutes of the seasons best.. . " with karen and richard . there are 34 carpenters songs as timeless as their sound , and 11 performances heard on this holiday cd for the first time . these cds are all the songs you fell in love with the first time you heard karen sing . these are the arrangements so beautifully done with her and richard . this new remix maybe ok if you have not been familiar with how wonderful the original songs the carpenter 's recorded and later remastered-not remixed - sounded . for this reason i give this 35th anniversary remix a 2 star rating . these older cds are how the carpenders really won over their fans , took the music industry by storm and gave a generation of music lovers reason to love the carpenders music and the sound they gave each song . talent that can still win over anyone who truly appreciates the timeless talents only the carpenters could deliver . as i more or less said in my title for this review and taken from an old saying " if it ai n't broke do n't fix it ! " or in this case do n't remix it ! 
camera pos 941.txt i received this product in a timely manner . it was exactly what i needed . thank you 
books pos 276.txt i have only read the swedish translation of what i suppose is the " old edition " , but judging by " look inside this book " , this new english-language edition incorporates much material from the old . incidentally , the swedish edition gives the authors name as kallistos ware , apparently his taken orthodox name , while timothy ware is his original , given name . in sweden , the swedish translation of " the orthodox church " is the only readily available book on the history of the orthodox church . apparently , its used informally as a textbook in some college classes on church history . it also contains chapters on theology and worship . in my opinion , the book is a necessary introduction for those interested in orthodox church history . its first chapters summarize the history of this church during the byzantine empire , under islam , and in russia both before and during communism . of particular interest is the authors interpretation of the catholic-orthodox split , usually dated to 1054. the author believes that the so-called fourth crusade in 1204 was the real and final consummation of this split . however , the book must also be read with some reservations . the author is , after all , an orthodox christian himself . its safe to assume that there is a certain bias here and there . for instance , ware denies that the byzantine church was caesaropapist , a very untenable suggestion . at other times , he is surprisingly " liberal " for an orthodox . for instance , he paints mehmet fatih , the muslim conqueror of constantinople , as a very tolerant ruler . i also wonder about his interpretation of the church father cyprian . even so , " the orthodox church " remains an indepensable book for those looking for a short and concise historical over-view of this remarkable christian church . 
music neg 422.txt i heard stories about michelle branch before trying out her music . and i was electrified to find out that there is still a young , honest and rock-ish female artist out there working her way up . first off all , i 'd like to say i wish to remain objective to all other listeners ' opinion , so yup...criticism is welcomed . i 'd like to let people know what kind of a viewer is writing this particular review too . basically , my main influences are bon jovi , the goo goo dolls and elo . i 'm a 17-year-old male . hotel paper is one big step for michelle . she evidentally matured her music between " spirit room " and this . michelle is pretty much at the state where she ca n't really make big steps on her own . and that 's why i think her authorities are limiting her potentials by pushing her to mainstream . like the fact that she wrote so many catchy , boring and good-to-sell singles that wo n't last and are only appealing to listerners on the shallow side . although some of her songs made me perfectly convinced that she can write decent music . ( tuesday morning , drop in the ocean , hotel paper ) some peeps are saying how michelle is n't quite a super songwriter nor a guitarist . i agree . imo , many of her riffs are boring and unoriginal . even a noob guitarist like me could tell . but afterall , it 's pop , so that 's inevitable . but she could do much much better than that . her lyrics are ok since she does n't write no emo nor punk junk , but a lot of complaining and childish relationships . most are ok though . what i 'm saying is , she most definetly has her own style...but sadly , it 's surpressed at an extent where it 's irritating and makes me feel like killing those studio dudes that are spending way too much time laying their hands on michelle 's music . nevertheless , just because michelle is young and writes her own songs and plays the " guitar " , does n't mean you gotta try her music out . but sadly , that 's exactly how a lot of people out there got attracted . i believe it 's more about how you like the music . i ca n't stress the fact that michelle is a musician with great potential and future . but to me , it seems like she 's throwing those away for popularity . one good example is , as prolly you 've already heard...the posing for a men 's magazine named m- -- -. whatever she was thinking , it really crushed my impressions on michelle...the cute musical lady she used to be....and the terrible decision of forming a pseudo-country rock band with her friend . michelle is talented and hella good compared to the other you-know-who female artists , but let 's get real here...she has a long way to go . she most certainly is capable of going far and i really do hope one day i 'll be listening to her matured and true music . afterall , imo , it 's only the matter of time before she surpasses amanda marshall on my list . i really hope michelle could get out of this situation and unchain from this game the studio peeps are playing on her and make every song and every note the way she always wants to . " tuesday morning " 3.5 / 5 " hotel paper " 4 / 5 the rest are just mediocre 
books neg 92.txt old fan as i am , this one ( and quite a few of the later ones ) was a huge disappointment . badly written , obvious plot , even more cartoonish characters than usual . time for cussler to retire methinks... . 
camera pos 727.txt i got a pair of these for christmas . initially , i was skeptical about the quality of an inexpensive roof-prism optic , and this is n't my favorite brand name either . but contrary to my expectations , i 've been extremely impressed with them so far . good brightness , contrast , sharpness , field of view , and close focus all exceeded my expectations for a binocular at this price point . feel , fit and finish are all very good . i wear eyeglasses , and these binoculars still deliver a nice wide view through the eyepiece . the twist-down eyecups are quick to extend / retract if you are sharing these with someone who does n't wear glasses . they come with a decent carry case , and relative to porro-prism types , the weight and compactness are both a little bit better . if you are looking for a good binocular for birding or general use , i highly recommend you take a look through these in addition to the other popular models . i think these really hit the sweet spot for price / size / weight / performance , and i 'm very happy with them 
music neg 672.txt i do not see how reviewers can rate this guy 5 stars . his voice is so mediocre that i am suprised he manages to sell many cd 's at all . i would n't waste my hard earned cash on this guy . stick with sinatra and get the best . if not , and you want someone who can sing sinatra style , then i would recommend you listen to the young canadian , michael buble . in my opinion michael buble is a much better singer that tyrell . he can swing and do justice to that genre of music 
health pos 353.txt i ordered one of these for my girlfriend and she loves it . friends and family have tried it and are thrilled . this product will make holiday shopping easy for several women on my list 
dvd pos 665.txt timeless classic movie . 2 of the songs are frequently re-done by various artist 
books pos 107.txt if you have n't read this book , i would make it top prority ! this book is fantastic ! there hasnt been anything close to it yet . she is an outstanding writer and produces wonderful stories ! better grab a tissue , its a tear-jerker 
software pos 145.txt this program is fantastic . it 's super easy to use and has a calendar that will notify you of upcoming events / holidays / etc. there are loads of pre-made cards to choose from or you can edit them to your needs . you can also make your own card without any help . the same thing for envelopes ! there are also quite a few additional projects included . you can create your own stationary sets ( paper and envelopes ) , awards and certificates , kid 's activity pages and more . i highly recommend this program if you 're a beginner card maker . i mostly bought this ( i was a beginner ) to save money on cards and in the 2 months i 've had this program , it has more than paid for itself . it 's much more convenient than going to the store , way cheaper and i really like being able to make matching envelopes . 
dvd pos 628.txt the essence of painter francis bacon is not a personal life lived on the sordid side but how he was forced to take in life . seen through his central nervous system and eyes , we experience his world of fragments , like collage pieces of existence . the only place he could make those fragments whole was in a painting . otherwise , he was wholly inable to put a fully realized human being , himself , together . tellingly , one of his best friends comments that he has done a superb one-on-one job with his lover george in his paintings of george . however , he has been unable to do that in his actual life lived with george ! that sums up bacon , his art and his life , in a nutshell . bacon is not a person you will like but you will understand him and how the fragments of his existence made for great art . yet he is also the most alone person imaginable , something no amount of lovers and sordid excess could allay . one of the very best films about an artist ever made . you do n't need to see the actual finished paintings since it is the fragments he used to build his paintings in his head that matter here . if you want to see his paintings , you should be able to find page after page of them online in about a minute , or less , using any visual search engine 
dvd neg 644.txt so i finally rented this tripe as i was curious . gee , making fun of former soviet block nations / people and rednecks. . now there 's some seriously funny stuff..not ! what 's next ? a cutting edge comedy on the rap culture ? ..oops , he already did this with the ali g show . gross out potty humour , now that 's inventive and we 've never seen that before ! i also like the lame-o attempt to show how americans are all anti semitic by putting words into the mouths of those trying to sell him something . these are your imagined demons / foes sacha and overall your film is pretty boring and about as fresh as a yakov smirnoff comedy bit 
camera pos 896.txt i dropped the camera from 2 feet and the metal outer rim of the lens slightly became bent and wo n't close . after some time spent tring to bend the metal back in place , i finally was able to close the lens . besides that , it is an awesome camera . i am able to pick out a color ( ex. red ) and take a picture with that color standing out and everything else black and white . no photoshop needed 
books neg 734.txt i too read the ta for tots to my 3-5 year-old 30 years ago . she loved it a lot so i 've been looking for it again , this time for my grand-daughter . even though the title is different from the original one i knew , i purchased it and read it as soon as i received it . bottomline : this story is _not_ the original one and i do n't like it at all . other than showing stereotypical happy prince and princess fairy tale characters ( which i can live with up to a point ) , i saw bunches of red flags when i got to the evil witch , drawn with a full-blown ugly face " who was very clever and devised a very wicked plan " . unhappy because there are so many happy warm-fuzzy people around she freely starts giving away cold pricklies . without enough warm fuzzies ( we read earlier ) it puts people " in danger of developing a sickness in their backs which caused them to shrivel up and die " . ouch . so instead of embracing the wisdom of old women , here we have another story that villifies them ( ok , i 'm a psychotherapist also and know all too well how these images affect us all ) . no , it 's not funny , and there is no way i would introduce this book to any child . the book also does not do a good job of showing clear examples of what warm fuzzies and cold pricklies really are , as the original book did . too bad , for using images of " warm fuzzies " and " cold pricklies " is an easy way to introduce feelings and consequences of behaviors to young children . i am returning the book . 
camera neg 788.txt i had high expectations when purchasing a laser range finder for use on the golf course . after a lot of research , i settled on the pro tour laser . as previous reviewers have stated , this unit is very hard to stabilize . i have a feeling this is true of all lasers . even with supporting both elbows on the hood of a car i found this unit very hard to find yardages for objects beyond 150 yards paricularly when bright sunlight is present . on the golf course , finding the flag and obtaining a yardage at longer yardages is almost impossible if there are objects behind the flag such as trees or landscaping . this unit has been returned and i have gone to a standard handheld gps instead . once the center of the green is initially saved as a waypoint , this is a very reliable and quick method to get a yardage , you just have to convert feet or 1 / 100 's of a mile into yards . i do this with a chart taped on the back of the gps . accuracy is about 2-4 yards which is good enough for anyone but a vey low handicapper . i am staying away from a laser finder until golf courses uniformly put reflectors on their poles . 
music neg 880.txt this is humor ? when does the humor begin ? is it close to the end cause i reckon that this ai n't funny . maybe the fans of this guy can go home and beat there spouses with banjos and leave the rest of us alone , i reckin 
music pos 635.txt a friend of mine at work just recently introduced me to the music of chris rea via this very nice best of comp . he also recommended getting his road to hell cd . both of these cd 's were money well spent . i 'm surprised that this artist flew by my radar screen in the 80 's when he was at the peak of his songwriting and popularity , mainly due to his top 20 hit " fool ( if you think it 's over ) " . for some reason i never equated that song with this artist . the thing i like most about rea is his musical diversity . he can lay down a very memorable am pop hit like " fool " or " let 's dance " and then turn around and make a great blues rock album like " road to hell " . no matter what the genre of music , this artist is very good at laying down a nice groove . there 's plenty of catchy tunes to be found throughout this cd . " auberge " and especially the wonderful " on the beach " stuck out for me . but you get many styles here . and each song sets a different mood . from the easy listening " winter song " or the catchy " looking for summer " . or some excellent blues rock like " road to hell " , " god 's great banana skin " or the excellent instrumental hidden track at the end of the cd that shows off rea 's tasty slide guitar skills . i do n't know how i missed this artist after all of these years . but i 'm a new rea fan who now looks forward to his next album . whatever style that it might be , i 'm betting it will have some versatile playing and some very well composed melodies like this superb best of. this is a nice place to start listening to this fine artist . if your like me , after hearing this cd you 'll probably want to search out some of his individual albums . i 've since picked up his late 80 's album " dancing with strangers " . another very nice cd . most of the music on this best of cd is almost 20 years old , but it feels like it could have been written today . in other words it 's well composed music that holds up very well over time . and i 'm sure if your like me and not familiar with rea 's music , the minute you hear " fool " or " on the beach " it 's going to bring the good part of the 80 's back to you . greatest hits cd 's should all be this good . highly recommended 
music neg 305.txt a friend of mine turned me on to spoon , and at first i listened enthusicatically.. . but then i got bored . although spoon 's songs may be catchy at times , they are empty and deviod of any alterations . the same simple drum beat mixed with the same simple guitar riff may be appealing for a minute or so , but in the end i do n't think i 've ever listened to an entire track . if this is 5 star music today , our culture is severely lacking depth 
health neg 741.txt i bought this product and the only thing i really gained from it was acne , plus my body actually seemed to get flabby . once i got off it the acne was gone and my torso looked nicer and more cut . would not recommend this to anyone 
camera neg 262.txt hp is selling this bag for $30 bucks , so when i found it here for $10 less i could n't let this " deal " pass me by.. . however when i received the bag , i wished i had.. . the color is less vibrant , it 's cheap , poor quality , plus hp is n't embroidered on the bag.. . walk away from this bag and get the blue and black hp bag instead , it costs a little bit more but it 's well worth it ! ! 
music pos 60.txt attell is one of the few decent comics out there right now . i was n't that big of a fan until i saw this in a record store and decided to give it a shot . i 'm running out of comedy albums , there 's not that many good ones out there . so i bought it and i was impressed . the audience is obviously drunken college kids who were very familiar with the show " insomniac " . they would laugh and scream if just slammed the microphone into his forehead the whole night . he has very good timing and delivery though and his jokes have very unpredictable punchlines for the first time you are hearing them . you never see the punchline coming a mile away . he is vulgar so if you are sensitive in any way to graphic sexual scenarios and profanity , stay away . he is one of the few that i enjoy now , tragically mitch hedberg died in march because he was another . the increasingly popular dane cook does n't do it for me . cook 's retaliation cd has broken all sorts of records for a comedy album . i think cook is very marketable to the college , 20something crowd , guys like him because he 's the loud obnoxious drinking buddy from the frat , chicks think he 's cute . i recommomend attell myself , he is vulgar but is just a better comedian 
dvd pos 96.txt one of the best-directed films of 2006 , " kiss kiss bang bang " is built for multiple viewings and perhaps for cult audiences . and even though " kiss kiss bang bang " may require multiple viewings just to catch all of the rapid-fire dialogue , or to untangle the plot , one of the best reasons for multiple viewings is to admire the directorial skill : it 's a class-a tutorial for amateur filmmakers or simply armchair film-buffs who will appreciate the highwire juggling act that shane black pulls off here , with " kkbb " ' s sudden shifts of tone from slapstick to dead-serious drama to gallows-comedy . if that seems like an easy feat , well.. . remember " 1941 " ? not even spielberg got it right . but shane black nails it here - - and it 's his directorial debut . downey & kilmer are also at the top of their game here , but it 's michelle monaghan who impresses with a flat-out great performance that keeps up with the veterans . " sui generis " ( one-of-a-kind ) is the phrase that best describes " kiss kiss bang bang , " although it 's remarkably mainstream at times . it 's a showcase of talents for everyone involved , and when the bullets are n't flying , there 's even a romantic comedy here & social commentary to boot . i ca n't think of any other film quite like it - - and that 's just how the warner brothers tradition seems to work ( at its best ) . 
music pos 439.txt i 've always been a terri clark fan but this is the first cd i 've purchased by her . i was surprised at how much i really enjoyed this cd ! terri has an amazing voice and the songs kept me listening to the cd over and over again 
software neg 312.txt my last roxio product was " easy cd creator 5. " when i switched to a mac i naturally expected " toast " to be the mac version of this product . i am extremely disappointed to find that the crippled video editing features in my ( many years old ) version of cd creator is miles ahead of what they include with the most current and up to date version of " toast " which i unfortunately own . it allowed me to edit video clips , create several levels of customizable menus , customize the size of compression , and burn to a dvd which played on my standard dvd player . toast can create one uncustomizable menu level , has no editing , and locks up every time you drag a file into it . they ( in the product description ) say it reads mpegs but it 's more like it freezes every time it sees an mpeg . it does n't even read every mpeg reliably . the only thing i can find that roxio adds to toast that is n't in my old version of cd creator is more enhanced mp3 and music features ( which is n't what i bought it for ) . i may have been better off using " parallels " in combination with cd creator . i am sorry but compared to roxio 's cd creator ( which is basically the same price ) , toast seems to have been designed by total idiots . and i always thought that mac software was better for working with multimedia 
dvd pos 43.txt i actually did n't mind kiss the girls because of morgan freeman . he saved the day in that movie . plus , i 'm always intrigued by serial killers and weird psychos . that always peaks my interest . but ashley judd 's performance was just terrible in that ( not that i think she 's very good in anything i 've seen but whatever ) . that 's why i was delighted to find another thriller along those lines with morgan freeman , still playing alex cross , but thankfully without ashely judd ( a better name for her would be ashely dudd but that 's my opinion ) . along came a spider was not only an interesting storyline , it was also very well acted . there 's some twists of course which i wo n't spoil , but one i did see coming and the other blindsided me . all in all very enjoyable , especially for the low price i found this at . the little girl who is kidnapped in this , played by mika boorem , is terrific . it was kind of neat seeing her in this as i had just watched the movie sleepover recently ( also reviewed it...cute little movie...check it out ) where she 's more grown up . hopefully we 'll be seeing more things with her . anyway , i found this engrossing enough and most times you ca n't go wrong with morgan freeman ( except if ashely judd is in a scene with him , but that 's not his fault ) as he 's an exceptional actor . obsessed with serial killers , psychos and the like , just as i am ? then you will have a good time getting tangled up in the web of along came a spider 
books pos 502.txt after reading many so so books on training for triathlons this book spoke to me . being a beta type personality i loved the macro , kicked back approach he took to training . it was just what i 'd been looking for . keeping it fun . thanks , bra 
camera pos 435.txt excellent clarity even on cloudy days . i have had others that cost 4 times the price and would not match the quality of these . comes complete with with case , caps and neck strap 
health neg 833.txt i purchased this orange humidifer and promptly returned it . i already have the penguin which is also by this company...and that one worked perfectly . i do n't know if it is because of the design...but this one shuts off after about ten minutes of running . you have to constantly shake it to get it going again . obviously a manufacturer error . i must say it is completely adorable and asthetically a complete pleasure to look at . my kids wanted me to keep it because it was that cute . but , it just did n't work 
software neg 362.txt i have many ( too many ) rosetta stone softwares for language learning , however after purchasing " tell me more " software i will never go back to rosetta stone . it is true that you can learn a lot of vocabulary with rosetta 's program but that is about it ! rosetta 's software is very illogical ! honestly , do not waste your time and money with this program , check tell me more and you will be amazed 
software neg 441.txt unlike years past , h&r block ( founded by a guy named bloch ) decided to charge $16 for each e-file , federal or state . only one version , " premium federal+state+e-file " includes a " free " federal e-file and state e-file ; but that version costs $70 , so there 's no free lunch at all . seriously , $16 is a lot to pay for e-filing . there are websites that give you completely free e-filing ; my favorite is taxact ( at taxactonline dot com ) . with taxact , you get the complete federal plus state package for $7.95 , which includes e-filing . or you can use their standard package to prepare federal and e-file for free , with *no* income restriction ! i do n't work for any of these companies , nor any tax-related company , nor any such entity . i just do n't think it 's right for h&r block to charge customers such a ridiculously high fee for e-filing , whereas people can e-file for free elsewhere . btw , if you use taxcut to prepare your return , you 'll have to use h&r block 's e-filing service if you want to e-file ; you ca n't just take your file to another website and expect that website to do it for you . i used taxact in the past and they are very dependable . you can find reviews of taxact products in major magazines and on major websites . good luck 
health pos 166.txt this is the best and easiest to use back brush ! i have trouble reaching my back and washclothes just did n't do it but with this brush no more missed spots . just hang it up and it dries and is ready for the next time . never felt so clean 
software pos 724.txt 4 different methods to learn the language , i am able to do 2 lessons an evening one to repeat and one new . the only thing you have to do is sit in fron of the computer . just listen and look and the key words will pop out at you and you just can not help but to learn the new language . very user friendly 
health pos 995.txt you know right away your teeth feel different , much like how they feel after a dentist cleaning . the dual action ( larger ) head is gentler and feels more like a normal toothbrush but it certainly is n't as aggressive as the smaller one in it 's ability to clean . if you can handle the smaller heads they certainly do a better job . the flossing attachment was also very effective 
camera neg 742.txt in my opinion this is not a marketable product . the cameras features are irrelevant if it does not work . there is clearly a design fault and the product should be withdrawn from sale until there is a fix . when it did work it was a convenient pocketable unit . as for hd - possibly at high noon in the sahara , but in anything but perfect light the results are dissappointing . 
camera pos 180.txt i will not repeat what other reviews have stated already , all the reviews below are pretty much correct with this camera being a high quality and easy to use etc etc. the only issue is focusing on a small target such as a name brand logo inside a rolex watch . it is hard even in manual mode ( and i actually have alot of digital camera experience ) . forget trying to focus in auto mode , it wo n't happen. . at least not without alot of tinkering and stress . if you need to take alot of close up pictures of small detailed items ( jewelery , insects , etc. ) then i recommend buying a digital slr camera , nikon d50 is a good one ! this fuji you are looking at here is perfect for taking pictures of normal things like people , cars , buildings , sites , etc 
dvd pos 861.txt i 've seen it about 20 times now . it does n't get old . the faces , the moves and the lines of matthew perry are always fresh . my husband likes selma , a lot , so it 's a win win for both of us . they are great together . good stuff 
software pos 571.txt i have not used this product for very long , and was somewhat reluctant to purchase another brand besides adobe who seem to dominate in this softward category , but i have , so far , been plaesantly surprised with the performance & features . the scansoft pdf converter pro 4 software seems to do all adobe can do ( and a little more ) , at a fraction of the exhorbitant cost of adobe pro 8 ! . i 'm happy with my purchase thus far ! 
camera pos 982.txt i ordered this hoping that it would fit my camera and accessories and it did . i have a stylus 750 plus a pop up screen shade , an extra battery , and an extra picture card . there are two slots specifically designed to fit two picture cards on the inside cover . in the main compartment , a small slit will fit an extra battery or two plus a creit card and perhaps a bit of paper money . ( it wo n't fit much more than that , though . ) it 's compact , stylish and functional- -i 'm glad i bought it 
books neg 766.txt this book is the worst book ever . i did n't know there could possibly be a book this bad . if you are required to read this book like me , i feel bad for you . do not read this book for pleasure because it is not a pleasant book . it is painful to read . if you are still thinking of reading this bad book , do n't read it ! ! take my advice . 
health pos 112.txt i was very suprised at how small the units were ( i ordered 2 ) . but they work great and run very quietly . the filter is very easy to change . i have one downstairs in the living room and one upstairs that i switch from bedroom to bedroom and the units work well in that amount of space . i would recommend this product to anyone looking for value for their money 
software neg 51.txt i bought this product after reading the other on-line reviews saying how easy it was to use . i am someone who works with computers daily and this was anything but easy ! it was hard to understand and getting someone from their help desk to assist was a joke ! i would n't recommend this product to anyone unless you 're a professional architect / computer genius 
music pos 336.txt the sounds were very convincing , i actually felt like i was there even my daughter thought it was really storming outside since i have a subwoofer and was able to control the thunder intensity ( all this was at night ) the only thing missing was the strobe light to add to the lightnig effect . it does relax you and allows you to destress . there are other types of stress management cd 's out there but if you like the outdoors and your'e not able to get away then this is what may work for you . johnny lina 
software pos 335.txt i liked the older version better , i hope to get use to the new version 
books pos 730.txt wonderful writing style , not hard to understand explains most catholic beliefs and is a bullseye buy 
camera neg 203.txt there 's little more to say....great item , almost a " must have " , but forty bucks for a half ounce of plastic is absolutely criminal 
camera neg 187.txt i bought this camera on the recommendation of a store technician over another hp digital . the camera has spent as much time in the repair shop as it has being used . the delay between pictures is incredibly long . the lens / shutter does n't open properly . ( two other family members who own powershot a520 's are having the same problems 
dvd pos 841.txt i would recommend this mel brooks movie if you 're in the mood to see slapstick comedy with many popular comedic faces . you 'll come away repeating some of the catch phrases and dialog . i first saw it when it came out and still laugh when i see it . mel brooks is a genius 
books pos 854.txt there are many gorgeous photos of both the insides and outsides of public and personal spaces . i was actually surprised at the number of homes we get a peek into . if you enjoy interior design , of just about any style , you will find it here . i love all the personal libraries shown , crammed with books and interesting objects . loved the mannequins , esp the life-sized guy sitting on the couch . i am a fan of exotic , eclectic decorating and found many examples to keep me happy with the book 
music pos 247.txt i ca n't say with the words must listen ! 
dvd pos 90.txt when once and again first began i dismissed it as a show for just women . but after watching just one episode i found myself hooked . this was unlike any show i had seen before . i actually found myself drawn into the lives of these two families . once and again is not just a show about two divorced people who find each other and start to fall in love . it goes much deeper than that . once and again follows the lives of two divorced people and the lives of their children as well . but then it goes a step further and it follows the lives of their ex spouses as well . with the first season we see how the relationship begins to develop between lily ( sela ward ) and rick ( billy campbell ) and how their ex 's still play a factor in their love lives and how their blossoming relationship has an effect on their children . once and again was one of the finest dramas on television and if given the respect it deserved could still be growing strong today . even thought it 's time on television was short once and again showcased the acting talents of sela ward and billy campbell and launched the careers of shane west and evan rachel wood . i am just glad that we are able to enjoy this fine show on dvd and that they have finally decided to release seasons 2 and 3 
camera neg 765.txt the case looks exactly as in the pictures above , and the camera fits perfectly in it . however , the case is hardly a protection , it 's not to be considered as more than a carrying bag . the velcro that keeps it closed is quite easy to open so i 've dropped the case a few times while walking outdoors . fortunately the case is designed to use the straps on the camera for carrying it around , so my camera stays with me in any event . there is a little strap on the case , supposedly to attach the case to the camera or to the straps , but it opens too easily , so it ca n't be trusted at all ( the strap almost opens by the very weight of the case , which is not much ) . there is also a small pocket in the back , providing barely room enough for a set of replacement batteries ( 4 aa batteries ) and the usb cable . again , the velcro on it is too easy to open , even more after placing the batteries and the cable inside the pocket . definitely , this is not designed as a practical solution . just enough to protect the camera from dust and some scratches . if you value your equipment and want to protect it from more than the wind and the sun , while not being worried of losing the case around -or its contents , do n't buy this one . spend some more money and get a decent carrying case . i will 
dvd neg 111.txt my major gripe about this film comes down to the issue of easily exploitable weaknesses on the part of the vampires . these extremely frail villains get reduced to ash with the flash of a u-v lamp , vaporized with the slightest touch of silver on their skin , and melted down in less than a second by the light of the sun . vampires are supposed to be scary , but how frightened of them should i be if one can be taken out by throwing a clove of garlic at him . writers for future vampire movies should work on making these creatures of the night a bit more formidable . the first underworld movie would be a good model . 
health pos 535.txt replacement blades are a must . the razor will remind you about once a year which is fine in most cases . but , if you have a heavy beard or shave more than once a day , as i do , then you should replace the blades every 8 months or so . the reminder on the razor is only a suggestion , not a command . after all , it does not know when the blades get dull . so , i simply ignore the reminder and replace the blades when i feel it is necessary . one thing you must do is use the new blades for several days until they settle in and adjust to your skin . until then you may have a little irritation . another problem i have solved is the hair on my neck . i use to think the harder i press the razor , the better it would get those stray hairs . but , all i got was a rash . i discovered that if i simply use a very light touch and not press hard then it got those hairs much better and with no redness . replace your blades at least once a year and your face with thank you 
books neg 235.txt this is a complex and detailed history chiefly of cuban exiles in south florida and the influence they have been able to wield regionally and internationally with and without the help of various u.s. administrations . in that sense , it is the story of two cities - miami and washington - and two peoples - americans and cubans . i have an objection , though , with the stone-hard style in which this volume is so meticulously , even gorgeously at times , written . didion strives to be so achingly academic that there is little real heart to this book and , worse , the result is a cold , humorless , colorless story that is at times an unappealing example of ideological abstractions and alphabet soup . the author , in her conspicuously clean and parenthetical prose , apparently is so charged by the subject of her research that she has forgotten there are people on the other end - readers . it is , in that sense , a boring little disaster of a book . 
health neg 942.txt maybe it 's just my bad luck , but i ordered this item and it came out with the expired battery . i called amazon , and they sent me a replacement quickly . the thing is that the replacement was in exactly the same *not working* condition . the same problem with the battery . i was suggested to shop somewhere else for this item , as amazon vendor do n't check the condition of the items before they ship them to customers . be aware ! do n't waste your time 
health neg 988.txt i loved ths retractable cord hair dryer when i first bought it about a year ago . now it 's starting to stop running . it appears to be a short in the power cord in the inclosed casing . when i 'm using it...it works then it stops , then i shake it and then it starts to work again , sometimes . my last hair dryer lasted over 20 years . they just do n't make products like they use to . for this price i should n't expect much . i guess you really do get what you pay for ! this hair dryer is perfect to take on an airline . if it 's not allowed on the plane and they throw it out , ......who cares 
books neg 489.txt i did not like the book adam of the road because it tells you a whole bunch of stuff about the characters before it gets to the story and by the time you get to the story you forget about the characters . i also did not like the fact that the book talks weird and it says like thou father i shall bla bla bla 
books neg 385.txt not to be disrespectful but are you people for real ? i ca n't believe this book is getting 4 and 5 stars . there was nothing good about this book . a bunch of people in the book did not even matter , bill kendall 's wife , the new anchor man pete whatever his last name was , the boss yelena , eliza 's boyfriend , the priest , even the soon-to-be-president and his wife , i mean what 's the point in even mentioning them ? they were not involved in the main events . she did n't even talk about what happened to them at the end . the judge is the only one that matters , and she did n't even write about him all that much . really disappointing . as i said i do n't mean to be disrespectful , but to give this book 5stars , you must have read either bedtime stories all your life , or not have read anything . don " t waste your money that 's all i have to say . sorr 
software pos 716.txt very easy to follow - especially if you 've used quicken in the past . reports are set up just a little bit different - total at top of category instead of bottom , so you need to get accustomed to that ; overall great produc 
music neg 842.txt i 'm going to the trouble of writing this review to warn you : this cd is not like the other putumayo cds . no , it is not fun , hip , relaxing , good to dance to , or stimulating . it is a selection of hackneyed sinatra-style slop sung by a variety of leery-sounding men with fake deep voices . i have this rule for music : if it makes me think of animated dogs kissing over pasta , it sucks . consider yourself warned . if you like good music , try french cafe instead 
dvd pos 720.txt how good is angelina jolie in this film ? it is a testament to this young actor 's presence that even as dark and soul sickened and gloriously decaying as her character is , there is not a frame in this film that does n't feel her infection . winona rider is equally excellent as the psychologically confused ( or is it enlightened ? ) hero forced to navigate the depths of her own psyche . the interplay between these two is somehow able to range from the enchanting to the exquisitely painful ; but from beginning to end remains capable of leaving you breathless . one look into angelina jolie 's eyes and you will see the warm , jaundiced decay of a soul no longer battling with sanity . fear is born of those eyes when you realize how strongly they 've tempted your own tired efforts...even as the second look delves closer to a bleakness bearing fruition beyond existential suicide . presented with the softly rendered and absorbing visualization of a young girl 's decent into psychological insecurity ; it is a hauntingly supple progression toward the half understood disturbance of what we might have experienced . james mangold directed this film quite nicely from a very good screenplay ; he managed to portray all these young women as young women in turmoil . no melodrama , no over the top sentimentality , just a frank peek into their tumultuous lives . if you 've ever questioned your own sanity or escaped periods of exceptional melancholy in your life , this film is certain to trigger old fears . but it is also certain to remind you how exquisite and simple salvation can often be . this film deserves that second look , as well as its painful salvation : a jaundiced beauty whose tragic death is no less healing than the memory of a lost friend . it is a heavy drama , so be forewarned ! and a very moving drama at that . 
music pos 122.txt i have seen al jarreau 20 times in concert ( and recently saw al and george perform at the hollywood bowl ) and am a long-time fan from way back . there are a few al cds that you just play forwards and backwards ( and back when they were cassettes , you wore out the tape ) because they 're just perfect . " breakin ' away " , " jarreau " and " heaven and earth " come to mind . well , add " givin ' it up " to that list . if you 're an old-school al fan and you 're wondering whether to buy this cd , buy it . it will live up to all of your al expectations . there 's a " look the rainbow " feel to it , there 's a " breakin ' away " feel to it , there 's a " jarreau " feel to it . there 's even a " glow " feel to it ( when you think about tunes like " milwaukee " and " have you seen the child ? " ) . grassroots al. it 's got the production values of " heaven and earth " and " tenderness " . fabulous production , arrangements , gathering of talent . there is not one song on here that you will skip as you 're listening to it driving to work or whatever . in fact , if you 're throwing a party and want to instantly get people in a jazzy party mood , put on this cd because between everybody from chris botti to jill scott to a soulful paul mccartney , people will stop and say , " wow , listen to jill and george tearing up ' god bless the child . ' " and " is that paul mccartney tearing up ' bring it on home to me ' ? " [yes , it is.] meanwhile , al and george are working their magic the entire time , and guests will say , " listen to george right there . " and , " al is jamming right now . " it 's a conversation-stopper provided by the best thing that can stop a conversation at a party : fabulous music that people must comment on . of course , that 's where the conversation picks right back up , so you win either way . the blend is perfect : just a touch of scatting , just a touch of voice-beat , with lots of fabulous jazzy vocals by both al and george , tons of great music solos , and george playing a perfect guitar . if you 're a george benson fan , you will be thrilled with this cd because george provides a fabulous through-line to every piece . he 's ever-present with every wonderful thing he ever did on a guitar . he fronts many of the pieces , and he 's not in any way relegated to " background guitarist . " he is the music in every piece , with few exceptions . as much as i love al , this cd is magical because of the blend of george and al. only these two can pair up to make this kind of cd . there is no other team who could have pulled this off . you need al 's voice and george 's guitar . period . in fact , i 'm guessing much of the jazz music world is a tad jealous right now of how simply genius this cd is , as in , " dang . these two are great together . wow . " bottom line : this is a perfect blend of these two greats ' talents . george takes care of the music , while al provides the wide gamut of vocals he 's an expert at ( and that only he can provide ) . if you 've been a long-time fan of either of these two , you wo n't be disappointed . it 's not lopsided . and it 's old-school in every good way . my prediction : this cd will sweep the grammys . if it does n't , there is no justice . like another reviewer on this page , i intend to buy this cd for about eight people . it 's just that perfect 
health pos 335.txt this humidifier is easy to refil and not a big eye-sore even in small rooms . also , stays very clean not a lot of build up like other humidifiers . would give it 5 stars but you do have to refil it about every 8 hours . which i guess it 's good that it 's easy to refil . the price is also the reason for 4 stars instead of 5. i think it is a little pricey for not a lot of features compared to bigger ones with more features for the same price . perhaps you pay for the convient size . overall , i really do like this humidifer and is the only one i like to have in the house because of low maintence and small size . 
music neg 759.txt buddy holly has a number of collections that are superior to the one put out under the 20th century masters series . every one of the cds in this series is skimpy in content and superfluous . this one is no exception . look elsewhere 
music neg 51.txt the main problem i have with this cd is that it seems poorly mixed . there is no sonic depth to it - all the sounds are flat and hard to distinguish from each other 
camera pos 599.txt this is why sony is hot ! this sexy little ( yes its really small the size of a pack of cards ) it takes perfect clear and crisp pictures and the battery life is a long 320mins perfect for a vacation , make sure to get a memory stick with it though , because w / o it it only holds about 15 pics . this is my first digital camera and i would definitely buy sony again 
health pos 76.txt my wife and i have used this a few times now and really like it . from a novice 's point of view , this is a great meditation aid . i like being able to get the visual feedback as i calm and center myself . i guess the hardest part is not letting myself get too anxious as i try to accomplish the task in front of me . it 's also a very pretty game with very lush and detailed visuals as well as a nice soundtrack 
software neg 269.txt on the front of the box it says it can be used for professional photo editing and has 20 , 000 professionally designed projects , when i received the box it had a disclaimer that the photos cannot be used for products for re-sale , i purchased this product to do a work at home video and spent all morning evaluating the different software 's and now i find out it is totally worthless to me . i went to there website and it says allow 4-6 weeks for a refund ! i am going to turn them into the ftc for false advertisement 
books pos 350.txt there is a reason this book has sold over 180 , 000 copies . it gets right to the point . it accompanies each strategy with a visual aid so you can get a mental picture in your head . further , its section on analyzing stocks and commentary on the state of financial statements and the financial market are right on the money . if your just starting out in options , this book really is a must . 
camera neg 167.txt hey this is for everyone buying cameras over the world out of the united states , i have a problem with my camera and i do n't have anyone to help , i 've been trying some help in amazon 's help area but they just have thousands of links but any simple email where i can ask for some help , i do n't really understand why is this site so well known on & quot ; customer service&quot ; , but i just cannot communicate with no one in the company to ask anything , i 'm just mad about this , if anyone can help me to contact amazon or fujifilm please post an email or whatever cause there 's no such a thing like help in the & quot ; help area&quot ; . i need to repair my lcd monitor of my camera , it 's really fragile , so if you 're still thinking on buying in this site or even buying something from fujifilm , do n't do it , they do n't care about the customer satisfaction at all 
dvd pos 204.txt attila was a 2001 mini series which won the honor of being the most watched mini-series of its day . it features a stellar cast including powers boothe as a crafty roman leader who tries to use attila to gain possession of rome . gerard butler is attila , the hun , and he is everything about attila in this role , never was an actor better suited . his character is sharp , passionate , determined and has an instant magnatism that keeps the viewer glued to the film . he brings a strong intensity and subtle gentleness to the character which makes watching him clash with boothe even more dynamic . this is a definite watch for anyone that likes period piece drama or just really well staged war scenes 
music pos 189.txt in boyz ii men 's sophomore album , ii , they make attempts to create their own identities with writing and producing this time around escaping producer dallas austin and founder michael bivins . this lp begins with the deepest of gratitude on " thank you " produced by the group and dallas austin . both " all around the world " and " u know " are mid-tempo tracks with a hip-hop flavor to them , but neither of the two is strikingly memorable or highlights . one thing they do is provide another angle for boyz ii men . for a more relaxing environment , " vibin ' " has a rather simple instrumentation , lyrics and vocals . " i sit away " is a hidden gem with a mid-tempo flow with soothing lyrics written by tony rich and production by veteran l.a. reid and tony rich . stepping into a more modern jazz feel " jezzebel " strengthen the groups range and abilities as the album is nearing a completed overall goal . over a piano solo , boyz ii men harmonize on " khilil ( interlude ) " to shift the gears down to their overpowering abilities to formulate ballads that begins with " trying times " written and produced by wanya morris , tim kelley & bob robinson . hit maker babyface lends a hand on two of the thirteen track album with smash singles and highlights " i 'll make love to you " and " water runs dry " . heavyweights jimmy jam & terry lewis add a touch of love and mood setting material on " on bended knee " . " 50 candles " drives this album to epic proportions with its thriving bass and lyrical content " ...feels like one of those nights.. . " they show and prove why for their time there are no other male groups that can compare to their beautiful harmony and range as on " yesterday " they perform accapella . if real talent that you seek , members shawn , michael , nathan and wanya has uncompromising talent for any age , era , or time that you can enjoy for long time . 
dvd neg 572.txt this could have been an excellent documentary , but the makers of it decided to distort history rather than present it honestly . this is particularly true in the way it depicts sparta as being some kind of womyn 's power state which is absurd . somewhat comically , the narrator enhances the story of sparta by telling the story of its women which is quite trendy and also totally bogus . she tells us of laconic girls and their supposeed bi-sexuality . hughes states that it would be a mistake to think of it as a " feminist wonderland , " but that 's exactly what is implied . i do n't know how these other reviewers missed all the laughable politicizing such as : " fighting wars is a soft option compared to going home to mother . " yeah right ! unless of course , husbands who shave their wives heads and leave after inseminating them count as amounting to the progressive ideal . pretending people of the past had the sensibilities we do is disgraceful . to many counter-culturalists , history has no value if it is not used for the purposes of advancing a political program . unfortunately , that is precisely what we have here in this spoiled work . as for bettany hughes , i agree that she is quite attractive , but she is an awful narrator as she at times is downright giddy . hers is not the type of personality that should be discussing sparta- -i 'll take victor davis hanson any day over her . i recommend that you skip this one and look for something which quotes actual historians . 
software pos 725.txt this map and trip maker is about the same as their previous versions except to my dislike , it no longer supports windows 98 , which happens to be the newest op that my old lap top can use . it also still lists some restaurants that have been closed for two years . the street maps it produces are accurate , except for a few minor glitches 
music pos 100.txt if you were lucky enough to buy the soundtrack when first released in 1987 on enigma records , hang on to that out of print gem ! straight to hell is back on cd as straight to hell returns , and may have a lot more tracks this time , but it also deleted two tracks from the original release and shortens another track . not appearing this time are : " the good , the bad and the ugly " by the pogues , and my personal favorite " money , guns and coffee " by pray for rain . the track " the killers " by pray for rain ran 2 minutes 55 seconds on the original , but on this new release was shortened to only 2 minutes . this is rather perplexing considering straight to hell returns runs a total of 55 minutes 7 seconds , which would have left room for those other tracks to be included ( since cds can run a total of 79 minutes 59 seconds ) . i 'm deducting a point from my rating of this cd because the missing tracks should have been included ! on the plus side , this new release contains a lot of short instrumental tracks from the film that were not on the original cd release in 1987 , as well as some brief dialogue excerpts . the film was a misunderstood classic , and the soundtrack of spaghetti western-style rock is wonderful : the pogues , joe strummer , pray for rain , zander schloss , elvis costello 's macmanus gang , and even dialogue excerpts from courtney love before she was , well , i guess the word is " famous . " if you 're a fan of any of these artists , you 'll love this assortment of songs...those not familiar with the film may not be able to absorb the atmosphere these songs and instrumentals create , so get the film on dvd and you 'll appreciate the works of these artists so much more . the liner notes claim this cd is to be considered the " official " soundtrack , while the first release of it back in 1987 was basically a " souvenir . " i enjoy both releases immensely , but since i was listening to those other deleted tracks for nearly 20 years now , it 's sad to not hear them this time around 
music neg 21.txt i love love tegan and sara and when i found out this was one of their favorite cds i have to admit....i think i was devastated . i just saw pretty girls make graves last night and they really could not have sounded worse.not just not enjoyable...unbelieveably horrible . i think you should take your money and spend it on a cd that actually sounds like good music . do n't make your ears go through this much pain 
music neg 601.txt it 's not as good as his other albums . he tries too hard and he praises himself way too much . poor guy ; no wonder it had a fake case 
books pos 455.txt this book focuses on a cogent question by way of a true story and invites response from all sorts of people with pertinent experience , providing biographies of these respondents . the topic is forgiveness . i found the analysis by dennis prager , an l.a. talk show host , the most understanding of christian / jewish outlooks and jose hobday 's perhaps the best of the christian contributions . i am eager to discuss it with members of my theology group . 
dvd pos 53.txt this movie is pure fun . my whole family loved it . it 's corny and the acting leaves you feeling like it 's amatuer hour , but its fun to watch . we made popcorn and laughed our way through the whole thing . watch it and enjoy 
software neg 841.txt since buying the upgrade of windows xp i have had to reinstall it 3 times -onto a clean hard disk - the first time it just disappeared and turned into a blue screen , with messages that hive files were gone missing ? 2nd time round the registery got corrupted and the last time it refused to boot , and not wanting to have to trall through another install i used the xp cd to try the recovery consol . this was as much use as a cigarette lighter on a motor bike . none of the commands worked , and even trying the help file was useless . there seems to be a serious problem with system restore in xp , and im fully updated with all the latest spacks , and stacks of space on my hard disk alotted to sr ! check dates will disappear and when you really need st to get you back and running -it goes pear shaped ! i now running 3 restored version of xp completly backed up on a seperate hard disk using power quests drive image . my experences with xp are its not reliable. . 
music pos 32.txt nice cd cool beats songs like welcome to atlanta pick it u 
dvd pos 244.txt bob clark 's 1974 chiller classic , which went on to inspire many elements of " halloween " and " when a stranger calls " , is definitely one of the better , if not best , horror films out there . period . not high on blood , but very high on suspense , dread , atmosphere , and out-of-the-dark surprises . a sorority house ( to include the lovely olivia hussey , the vulgar alcoholic margot kidder , and sctv vet andrea martin ) falls victim to vicious , violent , and altogether menacing phone calls during the christmas holidays . soon , students on campus begin turning up missing . though some events do go unexplained ( which could be positive , considering the mystery involved ) and the film tends to go borderline predictable in some sorts , this is undeniably one of the creepiest horror films , with the most tense , moody photography ever captured on film . keir dullea and margot kidder turn in quite effective performances . highly recommended 
music pos 731.txt it was good . there are so many albums like this . this is one of the good ones 
software pos 812.txt though i 've odered many times with amazon , this is the first time i have been excited enough to review a product ! i 'm an adult who wants to learn guitar for fun and did n't want to play " mary had a little lamb " and scales for months . i have only used the software for about an hour , and have already been playing parts of songs i actually like ! i have been playing guitar for a total of one week prior to receiving this ( without any instruction ) .this is perfect if you do n't have the patience or desire to learn the traditional way . i wish i had this when i was 14 , i would have loved it . i ca n't vouch for the whole thing yet , since i 've only played with it for an hour , so i give it 4 stars instead of five . from what i 've seen i have no reason to expect that it will let me down and highly recommend it 
health neg 404.txt i was happy to see this type of product available , but was not happy when i received it . it seems like a flimsy piece of plastic , and the " magnets " looked like they were painted on , a gold-tone , and the paint looked like it was chipping off . the base of the item is separate from the top of the item , which seems to be attached with springs ? it did run , but was very loud , like it was working too hard . there is a note not to use it more than 20 minutes , which i 'm not sure is because of a potential adverse affect with the user , or because the unit might overheat . there were some spelling errors on the outside of the box ( a few places said " reflexology " and a few places said " relexology " ) - - but maybe that just bothers me ? i think it is also important to note that the buyer pays shipping , and if returned - - also pays return shipping charges ; and when combined , nearly equals the original cost of the item . ; o ( 
camera neg 797.txt i ordered this dv cable in hopes that i would be able to use it to transfer my videos from the dv camera to my computer , however , my computer does not have a dv plug-in . i have not been able to use the cable since i bought it and i am truly disappointed 
software neg 156.txt if you use microsoft office ( word , excel ) do n't buy it ! links to your previous .pdf simply do n't work . adobe knows about it , but have no viable work around . stick with prevous versions . 
software neg 342.txt i purchased quickbooks 2005 ; 4th upgrade in 10 years . unlike earlier versions , this one is confusing and painful to use . simple things like making deposits has to do through contraptions . one of the reasons i upraded was to use online banking ; it 's a complete disaster . it does n't download the complete trasaction details , reconcilliations are very difficult . you will be doing twice the work to use it . once my transfer to the bank was aborted by a message saying you are low on memory and though quickbooks sent the transaction to the bank , it did n't mark it internally , so on the next login , it sent the payment again ! ! ! it has cost me $1509 of double payment that i am still trying to get back ! how you pay a bill is totally messed up , there is no way for you to mark that a bill was paid online unless it was done through quickbooks online connection . ( bank 's billpay ca n't be used ! ! ) it 's very poor in organization , you ca n't have 2 accounts # 's with a vendor ( still in 2005 ! ! ! ) . it has introduced obscure concepts as items and classes , which have no real definition and no " default " use and stop every transaction . one of the biggest thing quickbooks has done to hurt their customers is the payroll . technically you can do it yourself , but they hide that information and scare you in every step that you should ( must ) buy the $299 / year payroll service ( old tax-tables ) . in all the documenation , not once do they mention that you can do the payroll directly and this is how . compared to the earlier products , this is a huge cost . by that reckoning i would have paid ~$2000 for the previous version of quickbooks ! ! it 's definitely cheaper to buy a basic version of the software and use an accountant to do the other work and you will be better off . do n't waste money on quicken services or premium products , they will bleed you to death on your way to a mental asylum 
books neg 31.txt the characters are uninteresting and 2-dimensional , the dialog hackneyed . i have no idea why it 's on the new york times bestseller list . it was more of an obligation for me to finish this book than anything else . do n't waste your money 
software neg 229.txt i was charged the full price of 49.95 with no $20 coupon inserted 
books pos 703.txt i 've been working with foals for about 18 years . this book is well written and includes very good illustrations . it 's good for new handlers and experienced handlers ( reminders of different options to use with different personalities ) as well . i highly recommend it 
health pos 644.txt the razor and trimmer are both easy to use and give a nice clean shave . i am very happy with this item 
software pos 630.txt love the program... . hate the company ! i 've been using quickbooks for more than 10 years . i started with the basic edition since i am a very small business and use only a portion of the program , specifically customer and vendor lists , invoicing , a / r and purchase orders . overkill is an understatement.. . quickbooks pro is much more powerful than i need . i do n't use payroll , check printing , year end accounting and many of its other functions . so why did i purchase such a powerful program ? that 's the " rub " . intuit is not satisfied with its quickbooks users being content with the edition that they are using ; intuit sales people call all too frequently trying to get you to upgrade to the next higher version ( edition ) of their program . they hounded me for years to upgrade from the early basic edition to the then current basic edition ; finally , they dropped support of the product and i had no choice . i purchased quickbooks 2005 basic edition in 2005. shortly after purchasing it , they informed me that they were no longer going to support the 2005 basic edition and if i wanted continued support i would have to upgrade again , this time to the pro edition . this january ( 2007 ) i received an email from intuit informing me that my 2005 basic edition would n't run on the new windows xp vista platform and if i switched to vista i would need to upgrade to quickbooks pro . i upgraded to a new pc in february as the result of a major crash on my former system and opted to go with vista , thinking that i could install windows 98 as a second operating system to run quickbooks 2005 basic . the second operating system did n't work out and , after seriously considering switching to microsoft accounting 2007 , i purchased quickbooks pro . i was very disappointed that intuit did n't offer a significant purchase incentive to existing users ; but they never have in all the years that i 've been using their product . even microsoft , the shark of sharks , offers incentives . do n't be misheartened . i purchased the program from amazon and , with rebates and other purchase incentives , saved $60 over intuit 's price ; i could have saved an additional $25 if i had bought on ebay ( had i known it at the time ) . 
software neg 355.txt i really like the rosetta stone product ( although it is over priced ) . warning : rosetta stone ( fairfield language technologies ) will not replace a cd if it is lost , stolen or damaged unless you bought the product directly from them ( and then they charge you $30 for a replacement cd ) . i had the misfortune of purchasing from a local bookstore and someone had stolen the disk from inside the package . in this case i can get my money back from the store i bought it from but since you ca n't backup the disks you had better be very careful to not lose one 
dvd pos 625.txt for sheer excitement , you cannot beat this dvd . the music is exciting , arranged well for brass ensemble , and recorded with high quality . but that 's only the beginning.. . in blast , the band vigorously acts out all the pieces they perform . how they manage this energy level will flat-out amaze you . i can honestly say that , after just seeing these performances , you are as happily exhausted as the performers must be . prepare to be thrilled. . 
dvd neg 196.txt me and a female friend went and watched this one in the theater . i ... was ... bored ... out ... of ... my ... skull . after about a half hour my friend , who tends to be more " progressive " than i , actually suggested we leave . it was the first time either of us have ever left while the movie was playing . ever ! perhaps i 'm biased . however i highly recommend that no one get this movie . the only reason i can think that anyone would give it a good rating is because of its political slant . i tend to lean to the right , but even i was entertained by v for vendetta , despite it being blatant liberal propaganda . if you are going to pontificate about how we conservatives are evil , at least make it interesting 
music pos 154.txt ah , yes , it 's nirvana 's " nevermind " cd , released in 1991. i listen to all 80 's pop-metal , or hair metal ( whitesnake , winger , van halen , y&t , dokken ) i could go on forever on 80 's bands . ( of course there is rick springfield , and john cougar mellencamp ) . i am a true rocker here , i know all the true bands out there , i know everything about them . i have reasons for this . but here 's the bottom line . nirvana was a breakthough along with soundgarden and pearl jam back in the early 90's . millions of people bought those cds . and yes , there were hair bands still alive back then , like poison , and firehouse , etc. firehouse and poison had alot of success , eventhough it was n't the 80 's anymore . as i can see , alot of my fellow rockers do n't really like nirvana , or pearl jam , or soundgarden . to be completely honest , i like their music , i just do n't prefer the music , because i do n't like the hard sound . i really like the glam-hair band style . people say : " nirvana and those other grunge bands killed glam-metal " . yes , i agree that they killed the 80 's hair bands , but it 's not necessarly their fault . it 's a mix between the bands , and the people listenting to the music . because of grundge music , today 's music is quite horrifying , with emo and other types of music that would 've been a nightmare back in those days . nirvana has a great cd here , but i just do n't prefer it . if you are a real rocker , you 'll listen to all the types of music back then . do n't judge unless you have actually heard it , because you may actually like it . to all rockers - do n't listen to modern music . it 's poisoning our people , and no one really understands the true meaning of " the guitar " in today 's music . most of you will understand what i mean , so listen to the classics . classic rock , and hair bands forever , and even grunge . keep the classic alive . ~the sicilian axe ma 
dvd neg 156.txt saw this on the box last night . i sat through the whole thing just to see if it would improve - it didn't . i kept wondering whether this was a radio play that someone had decided to film . the dialogue is wooden , the plot is pathetic , the whole set-up is unconvincing . it looks like something the actors did in a couple of days due to contractual obligations of some sort or maybe to cash in on the whole & quot ; vegas&quot ; craze - which ranges from csi to & quot ; the cooler&quot ; . ( incidentally , & quot ; the cooler&quot ; is another one to avoid . ) i would give this zero stars if i could 
books neg 356.txt this book is for readers with little or no knowledge of recent debates on energy security , global warming , etc. as well as related technological advances in fields such as hydrogen and fuel cells . the author contributes little to previous books on the subject , such as rikin 's book on hydrogen which is much better researched and just as accesible to the general public . if anything , the book 's original contribution is to discuss how energy and environmental issues can be addressed using market mechanisms . in doing so , the author comes up with some interesting case studies , but it 's quite obvious he is biased toward the same tired free-market ideology that is endlessly promoted in the pages of the economist , which happens to be the author 's employer . moreover , there was little effort in integrating the various chapters . overall , a very disapointing book . the author should stick to journalism 
dvd neg 799.txt dolph lundgren stars as a mercenary sent to kill a tribal leader and then him discovering the wrong of his nation , dull and just plain pointless ( and stupid ) action film suffers from inept action scenes and logic lapses . lundgren is imposing but ca n't act 
software pos 606.txt i ordered the wrong spanish language learning sucess kit for my husband for christmas . although he had taken off the outside wrap , rosetta stone graciously allowed us to return the set i had given him and in return they sent us the version he had originally wanted . rosetta stone made the return very easy and fast 
health pos 854.txt after just 3 weeks of using this product my fasting blood sugar has dropped to 111. thats over 40 points ! ! ! ! pretty impressive . my dr. started me on metformin but it made me very sick . this stuff works much better wiht no side effects . i wish i had known about this years ago as i have been fighting with high fasting sugars for years . this product is a god send . 
music pos 104.txt at the end of the day , when you come home from school or work , one ca n't say & quot ; i feel great . &quot ; rather than great , we are stressed and tired . the sounds of falling rain is evermore relaxing that this cd captures it it almost perfectly . i too , am always stressed at the end of a work day and have relaxed to the sound of falling rain ; and it does work . it would also be helpful to listen to while sleeping . with quiet , natural sounds , it will have a soporific effect on its listeners and relax you 
health neg 74.txt i 've got this meter a month ago . i intended to use it to measure my pulse during exercise , but i 've never been able to do so ! at rest , the meter gives a reading after several attempts , but often inaccurate . you have to stay still as a statue for 10-20 seconds to get a reading . now i 'm using it as an exercise watch / stopwatch 
books pos 227.txt i first read about this wonderful book on one of the services that provides reading guides for book clubs . i was intrigued by the premise , and knew i had to buy it . this is one book that did not let me down ! i was captivated from the moment i began . i read in greed , hungering for the next diary entry . i completed it much too quickly , and had to re-read some entries . i found myself wondering about some of the women . ( many are still on my mind . ) i am so pleased that book two is in the works . this is a book that is too good to miss . 
books pos 349.txt did you ever know someone whose life was just " perfect " ? ? someone who went to college , got married at age 23 , found a great job with valuable stock options.. . someone who settled down in a house in a nice city at age 25 or 26 , started a family a year or two later , and who now seems to " have it all " ? ? well , after world war ii , this happened to just about everyone in the silent generation , and it happen to most in the boomer generation , and it 's happening to just about no one in generation x . this books speaks to members of generation x and describes the suffering and coping mechanisms for these people . this book , now 15 years , is about a generation that was sold down the river by its elders - generation x . the book describes 3 young people , andy , dag , and claire , who visit palm springs and tell stories of their lives and of their friends who are suffering in life . the author douglas coupland is actually telling stories from vancouver british columbia , one of the first cities in north america to be sold out to foreign economic colonizers from hong kong ( who escaped to vancouver to avoid the 1997 mainland takeover . ) in this city , the worst 1100 square foot fixer-upper house costs a third of a million dollars , or 10 years of take-home pay for a mid-career household . economic success is impossible in the physical confines of the city - the system is rigged against everyone except rich immigrants and the existing upper class of blue-collar boomers who purchased homes in the 1970 's and 1980's . many aspects of the book ( such as " reverse sabbatical " , " mcjobs " , etc. ) reflect the severe economic conditions faced by high-achieving intellectuals who go nowhere economically in that city . in my grandparents generation , all you had to do was to go to college . in my parent 's generation , you needed to go to college and become a successful professional . in my own generation , you need to co-found a startup company and be among the 10% of founders who can sell off the company or have an ipo . do you notice something here ? yes , it 's getting more and more difficult to be marginally successful in america . because gen x'ers find that traditional paths to success - hard work , taking chances , saving and investing - do n't work any more , they resolve to live like their parents by either living with their parents or by borrowing money endlessly and hoping for a miracle . fiscal irresponsibility is at an all-time high , and has squandered everyone 's future ! in this environment of perpetual economic slavery , coupland counsels generation x'ers to break free of the traditional career models that have been rigged by their elders for failure . coupland counsels us all to re-examine what is success in our life and how to achieve it . this book is a call to enlist in a class warfare between gen-x'ers and their elders ! in many ways , this book is similar to " the razor 's edge " by w . somerset maughen or " the monk and the riddle : the art of creating a life while making a living " , in other words , redefine your notion of success in the world , while waiting for our evil society to implode in upon itself , which must surely happen in the near future .. 
dvd neg 235.txt if i 'm not mistaken , the only difference between the standard 50th anniversary edition and the " ultimate collector 's edition " is 1 ) collectible robby the robot replica 2 ) forbidden planet and the invisible boy reproduction lobby cards portfolio 3 ) forbidden planet original theatrical poster mail-in offer 4 ) metal alloy collector 's case in that case , the " ultimate collector 's edition " , at more than twice the price of the standard edition , is a rip-off ! the " robby the robot replica " is much smaller and much less detailed than the one depicted in the ad the mail in offer for the " free " poster requires a $3.50 shipping and handling fee . the " metal alloy collectors case " is made of very thin metal and arrived dented . not that it would take much to dent it . save $21.00 and buy the standard version 
software neg 359.txt i upgraded from wordperfect office 12 to x3 , but have returned the upgrade to wordperfect . the much touted ability to import pdf files is so poorly implemented that it is all but unusable . in addition , the wordperfect mail component will not load data files while my antivirus ( zonealarm ) is running in the background . corel technical support takes no responsibility for the incompatability . do not upgrade unless these issues are addressed 
music neg 491.txt i purchased this disk along with others to play in my acura dvd-a system . i found the overall audio quality to be a bit disappointing...and the mix to be a bit " over the top " with surround effects . major vocals coming from rear speakers , etc. i also found the overall sound to lack the brightness and crispness on this specific disk . in fact , the demo disk for my tl has the marvin gaye song " let 's get it on " and it is remarkably brighter on that disk than on this collection . if you are looking for dvd-a disks with 5.1 surround...i 'd pass on this one and maybe purchase the cd of this album . 
dvd neg 135.txt nothing but self-important producer yacking about how accomplished he was at an early age , as mere snipnets of what i thought was going to be a movie were shown . very disappointing , as listing did n't indicate that this was not the full movie uninterupped 
books pos 439.txt excellent book , a good guide to improve project managemen